Folks of Bangalore, are you up to experience a spectacular culinary mastery? If yes, The Conservatory awaits you at an all-star week starting soon. Get ready to savour decadent delicacies blowing your minds with unique recipes, delectable taste, and mouth-watering presentation. Renowned chefs and a few famous people in the industry will whip up toothsome delicacies and organise a gastronomic affair for food connoisseurs to enjoy a grand feast.A Journey Of Discovering Unique Taste Awaits At The ConservatoryChef Ria Belliappa (@riabelliappa) took to the X platform to share important information about the events.It’s an All-Star week at The Conservatory. Some of the best in the business cooking up a storm.Check out their IG for tickets to the other tasting menus 🤗Grateful that a space like The Conservatory exists :) pic.twitter.com/jAa01vX53A— Ria Belliappa (@riabelliappa) June 11, 2024Foodies, get excited to indulge in a glorious celebration of specially-curated menus and fusion recipes with a sprinkle of creative additions. Starting on June 14, the collaboration of chefs and their ideas will represent a progressive approach to flavoursome dishes of various cuisines.The culinary adventure will commence on June 14 with Chefs Rhea Aaron and Tushar Sood presenting "Xacuti and Chill". The specially curated dinner tasting menu will portray Goan taste and culture with the preparations. Packed with flavours, the dishes may transport you to an imaginary world of Goa, serene beaches, and coastal beauty.Next is "It's Just Brunch" hosted by Chefs Gautam Krishnakutty and Aarohi Sanghavi at The Conservatory. Starting right at noon, the brunch menu will present a delightful blend of East with West. 5 courses will offer delicious sweet and savoury options.Also read: 7 New Restaurants In Bengaluru To Head To This MonthWhat are your dinner plans for June 15? No plans for Saturday? Well, we have a fantastic suggestion for you. Chefs Kavan Kuttappa and Kidambi Adithya will serve a culinary masterpiece "Kanpai" at The Conservatory on Saturday from 7:30 PM. The tasting menu will combine a fusion of Kerala's delish flavours and Japanese dining experiences.Make Sunday Plans Already!Trying something a bit different: fruits in savory dishes and vegetables for dessert 😛📍The Conservatory: June 16,2024, 7 PM-9:30 PM🎉 2 Years of The Conservatory— Thrilled to be cooking again with my close, friend Chef KaranTickets and menu (all non-veg menu) below 👇 pic.twitter.com/OWTvQHQF3W— Ria Belliappa (@riabelliappa) June 11, 2024The Conservatory holds a special place in every guest's heart for its enchanting aesthetics and scenic botanical decor. Inspired by the arrangements, Chefs Karan Upmanhyu and Ria Belliappa will present a special menu prepared with fruits and vegetables as the key ingredients. These will be used creatively to cook appetising dinner delicacies. Spoiler alert: the food spread will have desserts made using veggies.Also read: India Ordered Nearly 40 Million Burgers On Swiggy In A Year; Bengaluru Recorded With Over 6 Million OrdersAre you ready to enjoy these vibrant culinary experiences? If yes, reserve your spots HERE soon.Cover Image Courtesy: X/ Ria Belliappa (@riabelliappa) 
About 550 avid cyclists in Bengaluru came together to participate in the first edition of ‘Pedaluru’ this Sunday. They started early in the morning from Kanteerava Stadium and took to the streets of the city to raise awareness about sustainable mobility and the benefits of cycling. Here’s everything that went down in this exciting event.Bengaluru Pedals Away To Celebrate Good Health & Sustainable MobilityHere’s a quick teaser of today’s event - the 1st edition of Pedaluru. Bengaluru is probably the most cycling-friendly city in the country in terms of weather, adoption and its people’s love for the city.(1/2) pic.twitter.com/h3P0V9MY24— Pedaluru (@pedaluru) June 9, 2024From engineers to corporate professionals, people from all walks and circles of life got together this Sunday in Bengaluru to participate in ‘Pedaluru’. This not-for-profit event aimed to promote health, sustainability, and active mobility with the help of avid cyclists of the city. In fact, more than 550 cyclists came together for this early-morning event that started from Kanteerava Stadium.  A post shared by PedalUru (@pedaluru)This first edition of Pedaluru was organised by the Council for Active Mobility. While talking to Bangalore Mirror, Sathya Sankaran, Bengaluru’s Bicycle Mayor, said that this event advocates for better cycling infrastructure and improved and strict enforcement of traffic laws for cyclist safety. He further mentioned how they wish to make Bengaluru the cycling capital of India.To achieve this goal, they collaborated with government agencies like the Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), Bengaluru Metro Rail Corporation Limited (BMRCL), K-RIDE, and Bengaluru Smart City (BenSCL) to spread awareness about this initiative.  A post shared by VELO STUDIO (@velostudio_blr)MN Anucheth, Bengaluru’s Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic) was the chief guest at the event and he talked about the importance of cycling and how it can help solve the city’s traffic problems there.Also Read: End Of An Era! Bengaluru's Iconic Nagasri Book House Shuts Down After Delighting Bibliophiles For 48 YearsWhy Initiatives Like Pedaluru Are Needed In The City?  A post shared by PedalUru (@pedaluru)Before the event on Sunday, MN Anucheth and Pedaluru shared a video message on their Instagram page that talked about this initiative. In the video, MN Anucheth talked about the ever-growing numbers of motorised vehicles in the city and how shifting to a sustainable mode of transport like a cycle can help reduce carbon emissions. The Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic) talked about how the Bengaluru Traffic Police support this movement and wishes they contribute to a cleaner, greener, and better Bengaluru.Not only are these folks creating awareness about pollution and the need for sustainable alternatives, but they are also bringing together the community to achieve that. Now, this is what we call an impactful initiative!Cover Image Courtesy: X/@pedaluru
It’s June and that means it is officially the LGBTQ+ Pride Month. The month is celebrated across the globe to commemorate the spirit of love for all. So, keeping up with this spirit, we have listed out 11 awesome, queer-friendly events across India that you can head to this month. These pride events are open for all, so make sure you take along as many friends as you can and have a good time!11 Pride Events To Attend Across India This June[caption id="attachment_631404" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]1. Godrej Pride Mixer 2024, Mumbai  A post shared by Gaysi Family (@gaysifamily)A fun night filled with party games, amazing performances, and even networking opportunities, Godrej Pride Mixer 2024 promises it all! The event is open to all, so whether you are an ally or queer, you can have a good time here.Where: Vikhroli Social, CST 51/8, Imagine Studio, Near Godrej One, Vikhroli, MumbaiWhen: June 21; 7 PM onwards2. Desi Pride Weekender 2.0, Mumbai  A post shared by The Gay Gaze Bombay (@thegaygazebombay)Desi Pride Weekender is back with its second edition and this time around they are hosting a Bizarre Bazaar. To celebrate Pride Month, they will have drag performances, live music, a lively marketplace, BBQ cookouts, and lots more! You can book your tickets for this event here.Where: Veranda Rooftop & Underground, Bandra West, MumbaiWhen: June 15 & 16; 4 PM to 1:30 AM3. Pride Party At BCC, Mumbai[caption id="attachment_631454" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]If drag showcases, open mic and endless fun are your vibe, then Pride Party at Bombay Closet Cleanse is just where you need to be! They are bringing together LGBTQ+ businesses and communities this Pride Month for a night so you can shop, laugh, eat, and have a good time. The entry for this event is free and you can RSVP for it here.Where: Bombay Closet Cleanse, Shop no 3 and 4, New Neelam Apartments, JP Rd, Jeet Nagar, Versova, Andheri West, MumbaiWhen: June 22; 3 PM onwardsAlso Read: 8 Safest Countries For Queer People That Are Perfect For A Gaycation This Pride Month4. Satrangi Mela - An All-Day Queer Festival, Bengaluru[caption id="attachment_631405" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]‘Satrangi’ translates to sever-colours which is a fun wordplay to the rainbow that typically depicts the pride community. Satrangi Mela is an all-day queer festival hosted by Social and it’s just what you need to make your Pride Month even more colourful. With fun performances, awesome DJs, and lots more, this mela is going to be superb! The entry is free till 6 PM, so book your spot here right away.Where: Indiranagar Social, Plot 37, 80 Feet Rd, New Tippasandra, BengaluruWhen: June 9, 2 PM onwards5. Pride Verse: Open Mic To Celebrate Pride Month, Bengaluru[caption id="attachment_631406" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: website/Bira91[/caption]For all your artistic and creative souls out there, Bira 91 Taproom is hosting an open mic event to honour the LGBTQ+ community and their stories. This afternoon will be filled with poetry, storytelling, and music, all aligned with the Pride theme. The tickets for this event start at ₹250 and you can book them here online.Where: Bira 91 Taproom, Koramangala, BengaluruWhen: June 15; 2 PM onwards6. Absolutally Pride Night, Bengaluru  A post shared by Absolut Born Colourless (@absolutborncolourless)To celebrate love, diversity, and inclusivity this Pride Month, Absolut is hosting Absolutally Pride Night in Bengaluru and it’s going to be a night to remember. There will be an exciting performance by Rani KoHeNur and you can also check out the stunning designs of Bobo Calcutta at this event. You can book your tickets here online.Where: The Lalit Ashok, Kumara Krupa Road, Kumara Park East, Seshadripuram, BengaluruWhen: June 22; 7 PM to 1 AMAlso Read: Pride Against Prejudice: Why Is June Pride Month? All You Need To Know About The History & Battle For Equality7. Rainbow Tales - Edition 2, Bengaluru[caption id="attachment_631407" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]To appreciate and honour the artists from the pride community, Rainbow Tales’ second edition will take place in Bengaluru on June 9. The event will have multiple performances like theatre, poetry reading, music, and even a drag show by some of the biggest artists from the community. You can book your tickets online here.Where: Bangalore International Centre, 7, 4th Main Rd, Stage 2, Domlur, BengaluruWhen: June 9; 5:30 PM onwards8. D.N.A - PRIDE 2024, Goa[caption id="attachment_631408" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]DNA - Definitions Not Applicable - is a vibrant celebration of Pride! Bringing together the best of music, art, and pop-up markets, this event aims to raise awareness about diversity, creativity, and inclusivity in a fun way. Entry to the event is free and you can reserve your spot online here.Where: W, Vagator Beach, GoaWhen: June 9; 5 PM onwards9. Tinder Queer Made Weekend, Delhi  A post shared by Paytm Insider (@insider.in)Tinder and Gaysi Family have joined hands to host the 3rd edition of Queer Made Weekend and it’s going to be a queer extravaganza! You can mingle with, peruse, and shop from queer entrepreneurs and small business owners, enjoy live music, eat, drink, shop, and have a fun time here. Entry to this event is free.Where: DLF Promenade, Vasant Kunj, DelhiWhen: June 15 & 16; 5 PM onwards10. Pride Bash, Gurgaon  A post shared by Unlocked (@unlocked.in)Believing in the ideology of ‘Love is Love,’ Pride Bash is the celebration of love and individuality in all forms! The party will have food, drinks, specially curated activities, and an open dance floor for you to let your hair down and have a good time. The highlight of this show is the live performance by Sagar Verma, so don’t miss it out. You can book your tickets here online.Where: Unlocked - Bar, Kitchen and Escape Room, 32nd Avenue, GurugramWhen: June 28, 8 PM onwardsAlso Read: It’s Pride Month! You Shouldn’t Miss 8 Best Pride Events Happening Around The Globe; Dates Inside11. Chennai Rainbow Pride, Chennai[caption id="attachment_631409" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]On the last day of Pride Month, Chennai will come together for the Chennai Rainbow Pride parade. This popular pride parade is a celebration of the community by its members and allies and while the details for this year’s event aren’t out yet, it is anticipated to start from the Rajarathinam Stadium in the city.Where: Rajarathinam Stadium, Egmore, ChennaiWhen: June 30So, how are you celebrating Pride Month? Let us know in the comments!Cover Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)
Nestled amidst the tranquillity of nature, Aura rewrites the traditional wedding experience. This luxurious lakeside destination elevates every detail of your celebration, offering a tapestry of enchanting spaces, each boasting its own unique charm. Here, you and your beloved will be swept away by an ambience of romance and grandeur, and a grand new addition- India's first-ever floating mandapThe Enchanting Floating Mandap  A post shared by Aura (@auraindia_)Within Aura's serene embrace, nature becomes your canvas for an unforgettable love story. Imagine etching your eternal vows in one of these five tranquil spots, where every stroke of the pen becomes a promise whispered in the serenity of your union.The Enchanting Floating Mandap bathed in the gentle caress of the lake, Aura's floating mandap offers a setting unlike any other in India. Imagine arriving by boat, the gentle lapping of water creating a soundtrack to your love story. As you exchange vows with your beloved, surrounded by the calming presence of the lake, promises and love will fill the air, making your ceremony an experience etched forever in your hearts. Here, amidst the tranquillity of the water, your love story takes flight, knowing no bounds.Also Read: From Katy Perry's Performance To Exploring Europe, Take A Look Inside Ambani-Merchant's Pre-WeddingThe Magic Of Aura  A post shared by Aura (@auraindia_)The magic of Aura extends beyond the first-ever floating mandap. Tranquil lakeside lawns can be your canvas for exchanging vows under a blanket of stars, with the gentle breeze carrying whispers of love. For a more intimate affair, bathed in natural light, the glasshouse offers a sophisticated and romantic setting. Or, celebrate amidst the vibrancy of life and colour with lush greenery creating a fairytale atmosphere on the verdant lawns and gardens.At Aura, your wedding is more than just a ceremony. It's a culmination of dreams, a tapestry woven with meticulous planning and personalised touches. Their dedicated team ensures every detail is flawlessly executed, allowing you to relax and revel in the magic of your special day. So, step into a world of unparallelled luxury and serenity, and let Aura redefine your wedding experience.Also Read: Anant Ambani’s Pre-Wedding Bash Leaves Italians Fuming; Locals Complain About Loud Celebrations & City Shut DownPlanning your wedding anytime soon? Send this to bae right away!Cover Image Courtesy: Press Release
In between the chaos of water shortage to beer problems to finally appreciating pitter-patter rains paired with a delicious cup of coffee or chai, Bangaloreans are back to bragging about the city's weather. There is no denying that Bengaluru is for party animals and if you are looking to attend fun-filled events in Bengaluru for June, you are at the right place. We have curated an excellent list of the best events you should not miss when in this city.Here Are 7 Amazing June Events In Bengaluru1. JINGLE LAND  A post shared by JINGLE_LAND (@jingleland_official)Are you looking for some chill vibes along with a musical carnival? Phoenix Marketcity is back with its ultimate music festival with bands like Agam, Lagori, Parikrama and more. Groove to the pulsating tunes with your friends and others who love the same music genre as yours. Let’s jingle to this exciting event in Bengaluru!Date: Jun 8Timings: 3 PM onwardsWhere: Phoenix Marketcity, Whitefield Main RoadTickets: ₹899/person onwards2. India v/s Pakistan World Cup 2024 Screening  A post shared by Buffalo Wild Wings (B-Dubs) India (@bwwingsindia)Buffalo Wild Wings (BWW) is going all out for the upcoming adventurous cricket match between India and Pakistan. You already know this cricket rivalry dates back ages to before you were born! To elevate the live screening of this match, BWW has live dhol, face painting, giveaways, and some fascinating trivia to keep you entertained during ad breaks. It is going to be epic for cricket lovers of Bengaluru.Date: Jun 9Timings: 7:30 PM onwardsWhere: Buffalo Wild Wings, Phoenix MarketcityTickets: ₹1999/person onwards3. Satrangi Mela - Queer Fest  A post shared by SOCIAL (@socialoffline)Calling out to the community of  LGBTQIA+ and alleys of Bengaluru! This June, SOCIAL has an exciting event lined up for you and it is a queer fest. Gather all of your friends and head over to explore a lively flea with multiple pop-up shops and labels owned by LGBTQIA+ folks. The vibes are flawless, chic and vibrant with groovy tunes, great food options and drinks to enjoy this fest. Don’t forget to be atrangi at this satrangi mela!Date: Jun 9Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: Indiranagar Social, HAL 3rd Stage, IndiranagarTickets: FreeAlso Read: From Fireflies Festival 2024 To IND V/S PAK World Cup Screening, 7 Upcoming June Mumbai Events To Attend4. Kenny Sebastian’s Professor of Tomfoolery Vol II  A post shared by GK Entertainment (@gkentertainment)The word ‘tomfoolery’ means foolish or silly behaviour and that is exactly what is going to happen at this stand-up comedy event by Kenny. If you are a fan of Kenny’s jokes on family and friendships, then catch him cracking jokes endlessly, only to have your cheeks hurt from laughing non-stop. He is wrapping up this comic set before he announces his new work. So this is your last chance to catch the ‘Professor of Tomfoolery’ live in action.Date: Jun 13, 14Timings: 7:30 PM onwardsWhere: Good Shepherd AuditoriumTickets: ₹999/person onwards5. BTS Night 11th Anniversary  A post shared by BTS official (@bts.bighitofficial)Smooth like butter…caught your attention ARMY fanatics! This event in Bengaluru is all set to celebrate the 11th anniversary of BTS as a successful band. Get ready to immerse yourself in the pure joy of singing your favourite BTS songs at the top of your lungs with their popular music videos. There is a BTS-themed photo booth and a merchandise booth which you can't miss! On top of that, everyone will receive a free BTS poster. It is going to be a gala time!Date: Jun 15Timings: 4 PM onwardsWhere: Just BLR, Deena Complex, Brigade RdTickets: ₹499/person onwards6. Classic Tributes Live - Arijit Singh  A post shared by Arijit Singh (@arijitsingh)Every time you open Instagram, you are hit with the melodious lines, ‘O sajni re, kaise kate din raat, kaise ho tujhse baat, teri yaad satave re’, because same! This is a song from a great film, Laapataa Ladies and is sung by Arijit Singh if you couldn't already tell. Get ready to experience an unforgettable concert and a tribute to Arijit Singh with some of his favourite songs performed by talented musicians. Classic Tributes Live is doing a fabulous job with a memorable sensory delight with songs echoing in your eardrums even after you exit the auditorium. Date: Jun 28Timings: 7 PM onwardsWhere: Prabhath KEA Rangamandira Auditorium, KamalanagarTickets: ₹899/person onwards7. Bismil Ki Mehfil ft. DJ Jasmeet  A post shared by Bismil (@bismil.live)If you like to listen to Sufi music and the current trend of Sufi fusion music excites you, then we have got a perfect event for you this June. You may even take your parents and have a great mehil wali shaam with Bismil. Be enthralled with his beautiful voice as he will perform some of his popular songs live. We would suggest taking a look at his YouTube if you are new to Sufi music.Date: Jun 29Timings: 5 PM onwardsWhere: Jayalmahal Palace HotelTickets: ₹999/person onwardsAlso Read: Tickets are available on Bookmyshow and Paytm Insider, book ASAP.Happy June!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/bts.bighitofficial and live.at.social
The streets of Bengaluru were taken over by Formula 4 racers on Sunday and it was a sight to behold! The Indian Racing League hosted an Indian Racing Festival in the city around KTPO Main Road in Whitefield and it attracted many young fans and racing enthusiasts. Here’s everything that went down this show.Formula 4 On The Streets Of BengaluruFormula 4 in Bengaluru at the Kundalahalli Metro station stretch just days after the one conducted in Kashmir. pic.twitter.com/l34H3rg9lw— Karthik Reddy (@bykarthikreddy) May 20, 2024The Indian Racing Festival by the Indian Racing League took over the streets of Bengaluru on May 19. The show saw Formula 4 drivers mapping the streets of Bengaluru from Kundalahalli main road and Metro Station to KTPO Junction. In anticipation of the event, the Bengaluru Traffic Police arranged elaborate traffic arrangements to facilitate a smooth flow of traffic.Bengaluru, you were amazing! 🤩Thank you to everyone who showed up yesterday, we hope we made it worth your while! #IRL #F4IC #IRF2024 pic.twitter.com/S3r1jKLF2Z— Indian Racing League Official (@Irlofficial1) May 20, 2024The event drew a large crowd and highlighted the growing love for motorsports in India. They had an impressive lineup of vehicles and drivers at the Bengaluru show and the main highlights were the local talents- Sohil Shah and Rishon Rajeev. They drove the IRL and F4 cars and the crowd seemed to love the show.  A post shared by Indian Racing League Official (@indianracingleagueofficial)India's drifting champion Sanam Sekhon also performed at the Indian Racing Festival. There was also a special show by superbike enthusiasts from Coimbatore and Bengaluru. Besides that, karting geniuses also showed amazing talent by achieving speeds of 120 km/hr during their show. Together, they provided an unforgettable experience to the people of Bengaluru.Also Read: “Wonder What Amul Is Adding To Their Ice Creams These Days.” Doctor Finds Oily Liquid In Ice Cream Ordered From Zepto In BengaluruWhen Formula 4 Took Over Srinagar  A post shared by Indian Racing League Official (@indianracingleagueofficial)This isn’t the first time that the Indian Racing League hosted a racing festival on Indian streets. Back in March, their talented racers took over the streets of Srinagar and put on a spectacular show. The impressive show even caught the attention of PM Narendra Modi who posted about this event on his X (Formerly Twitter) account.  A post shared by Indian Racing League Official (@indianracingleagueofficial)Now that’s one spectacular sight you would want to witness in real life! Have you attended an adrenaline-pumping event like this? Let us know in the comments!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/travphotography & Instagram/indianracingleagueofficial
Imagine a dining experience where fairies dance over your plate, and you need to pop in your mouth, a passion fruit-flavoured bon bon to help save the king. Now isn't that a culinary journey worth embarking on? I was recently invited to The Ritz-Carlton Bangalore for their newly launched Dinemation, a 3D immersive dining experience where food meets animation. And here's all about my fantastical experience.The Ritz-Carlton Has Bangalore's First 3D Dining Experience[caption id="attachment_618384" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Supplied[/caption]Having grown up on Disney animation staples like Mulan, The Little Mermaid and Bambi, The Ritz-Carlton's Dinemation intrigued me. Weaving an exquisite 7-course meal with 3D-mapping technology and whimsical storytelling? Yes, please! After all, how often do we get to relive our childhood while tucking into gold-plated lobster?I was given a brief but enthusiastic introduction to Dinemation by Mr. George Bennet Kuruvilla, General Manager, The Ritz-Carlton Bangalore—who called it a "trailblazer in the realm of luxury dining and culinary adventure"— before being led to the 12-seater private dining space fitted with projectors and intriguing props. There was mysticism in the air and palpable excitement amongst us diners for what was to come.Immerse Yourself In The Magic To Save The King  A post shared by Sanjana Shenoy 🧿 (@sanjanashenoy2411)As we took to our seats, we were introduced to The Banquet of Hoshena, a whimsical storyline where we diners need to help the queen find her lost king. A king riddled with dominant human emotions — fear, anger, sadness, lust and happiness. Each course began with a skit as our tabletop transformed into a fantastical wonderland. The animation on our table was accompanied by music and various sound effects to elevate the culinary experience.What excited me the most was making us diners an integral part of the storytelling. No, we didn't just have to eat a 7-course meal to save the king. We needed to place our hands on the table to "release our anger", whisper our greatest fear into ice cubes and place them in a magical bowl bubbling with smoke. At one point, Queen Hoshena directed us to prepare a magic potion (palate cleanser). We gently emptied red-hued flavoured test tubes into our wine glasses filled with liquid.Also Read: CT Interview: Chef Gary Mehigan Finds Butter Chicken Overrated, Wants Himalayan Biking Trip And7-Course Meal Marries Immersive Storytelling[caption id="attachment_618383" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Supplied[/caption]A treat for all my senses and a delight for my inner child, I found myself widely grinning, awaiting the storyline and possible "task" before the next course was served. So, what was on the menu at The Banquet of Hoshena?First Course: Chilli & Passion Fruit Bon BonSecond Course: Doodhiya Ashrafi with Aam Panna Caviar (Amuse Bouche)Third Course: Crispy Spinach, Lotus Stem Crisps with Rose & Garlic Yoghurt Atop Charcoal TartFourth Course: Kashmiri Style Almond & Asparagus SoupFifth Course: Dal Bati ChurmaSixth Course: Lobster with Palakakkadan Pulav (I chose this dish over main course options like Raan Tian and Gucchi Korma)Seventh Course: Shahi Tukda Mille FeuilleArtistically Curated Menu Celebrating Indian Flavours With Aplomb[caption id="attachment_618403" align="alignnone" width="770"] Passion Fruit Bon Bon; Chips N Dips Picture Credits: Sanjana Shenoy[/caption]The Passion Fruit Bon Bon encased in a charming jewellery box filled with chocolate soil was a "gift by the queen" before we took on the mission to reunite her with her husband. A burst of flavours and surprises, the sweet-spicy entremet was a fine start to the meal.Placed on a revolving plate, the amuse-bouche had a comforting cheesy note. After all, in a fantastical gastronomical journey, you'd definitely expect cheesy.On a stormy Bengaluru night, the fourth course, a bowl of hot Kashmiri Style Almond & Asparagus Soup satiated us diners and warmed our hearts. Distinctive sour, creamy notes in the soup caught my attention, it elevated the flavour profile of the dish.The tabletop transformed into a garden with 3D projected flowers which slowly gave way to maple leaves, signifying the autumn season. A time of change and despair. Yet not all was lost for the Queen, the King and us diners as the beautifully plated Chips N Dips course made it to our table. We crunched on crispy spinach and lotus stem crisps which added to the playfulness and nostalgia of this fantasy land.[caption id="attachment_618408" align="alignnone" width="770"] Amuse-Bouche; Dal Bati Churma Picture Credits: Sanjana Shenoy[/caption]To signify anger, which we needed to help the king get rid of to unite with his queen, we needed to tuck into an inviting plate of Dal Bati Churma. The bati infused with charcoal and the perfectly spiced dal while delicious was quite rich for an entree.The 7-course meal was accompanied by copious glasses of champagne, Paul John Bold and Godawan Fruit & Spicy whiskies. While most of us could seamlessly immersive ourselves in this fairy tale, we did have a little help to get into the "spirit".Also Read: CTReview: Cafe Zubaan In Bengaluru Is An Oasis For Authentic Middle Eastern Cuisine, Literary Classics & GhazalsImpeccable Gold-Plated Lobster Main[caption id="attachment_618392" align="alignnone" width="770"] Lobster with Palakakkadan Pulav; Table projection Picture Credits: Sanjana Shenoy[/caption]My favourite course was the exquisite Lobster with Palakakkadan Pulav. A generous helping of expertly cooked gold-plated lobster placed atop fluffy red-boiled rice and luscious gravy. I would gladly reunite Queen Hoshena with her beloved again if it means gorging on this spectacular plate of food again. It was a fairytale on a plate!On having successfully completed our mission, we were delighted with a playful dance of fairies. Dancing gleefully on our white plates, twirling on their little feet as their wings fluttered, they bid us goodbye to make way for the last course of the day— dessert.I believe the magic of a meal lies in its dessert. While the Shahi Tukda Mille Feuille was decadent and indulgent, it missed the mark for me. A little too indulgent, a little too generous, I craved a dessert that was light, airy, refreshing, whimsical and more thoughtfully curated than the chocolate-flavoured Shahi Tukda with dollops of cream and rabdi which was too heavy on the palate. The diners around me sceptically ate small spoons of the calorie bomb.Dinemation at The Ritz-Carlton Bangalore would require deep pockets. Nevertheless, it's a fantastical dining experience, I'd say you need to tick off your culinary wishlists. A world where talking plates, fairies dancing on tables, candles illuminated by your gaze and of course, lavish plates of food all exist in harmony and perfect sync. It's theatre for the senses! And you need to book front-row seats for this theatrical 3D dining experience in Bangalore.What: The Banquet of Hoshena- DinemationWhere: Riwaz Private Dining Room, The Ritz-Carlton, 99, Residency Rd, Shanthala Nagar, Ashok Nagar, BengaluruWhen: 12:30 pm to 3:30 pm  and 7:30 pm to 11:30 pm ( Available on prior reservations only) To Make Reservations Contact: 9035416155 or 9741035124Cost: ₹12,000 per person (For 2-hour dining experience, inclusive of 1 glass of champagne)Cover Image Courtesy: Supplied & Sanjana Shenoy
How are Bangalore folks feeling after enjoying a lovely pitter-patter last week? Yes, you may boast about your weather again, Bangaloreans! Are chai and pakode ready, we are back with another excellent listing for upcoming events in Bangalore this May! It is filled with exhilarating music concerts by renowned artists, car races and more. Don't miss out on these unmissable events, so share this with your friends and family and book tickets ASAP! Watch Out For These 7 Exciting Events In Bangalore For May1. Jollywood Studios and Adventure  A post shared by Meghana R (@gowdruhudgi3099)Just as you step into the world of Jollywood Studios and Adventures, you will be transported to some fictional world! It is one of the best spots where magic unfolds with endless multimedia shows, water parks, adventurous rides, challenging games, live shows and so much more. This event in Bangalore is not just limited to kids but is for adults also. This place will surely captivate you with its beautiful infrastructure. So much so that you will click a couple of Insta-worthy pictures! This is a must-visit wonderland in this city.Date: May 7-31Timings: 10 AM onwardsWhere: Kiadb Industrial Area, BidadiPrice: ₹899/person onwards2. Shreya Ghoshal’s All Hearts Tour  A post shared by shreyaghoshal (@shreyaghoshal)Get ready to grove to superb Bollywood and South Indian songs by the prominent playback singer of our generation, Shreya Ghoshal! This fantastic event is brought to you by Superhits 93.5 RED FM & Kalaluha. Let’s saawar loon with Ghosal ji for the evening and enjoy a blissful event this May! If you haven't had to chance to witness her soulful voice live, then do not miss this opportunity. BRB going to book tickets to dance and sing our Bollywood hearts out.Date: May 11Timings: 7:30 PM onwardsWhere: New Horizon College of EngineeringPrice: ₹999/person3. Vroom Drag Meet 10th Edition  A post shared by VROOM MOTORSPORTS (@vroomdragmeet)Where are all the adrenaline junkies of Bangalore? This 10th edition event in May for FMSCI Indian National Drag Racing Championship - 4Wheeler is for all automobile lovers with car and bike races, splendid stunts and an Auto Expo with all the latest additions to the automobile sector. You won't be hungry for food as there will be plenty of stalls but you will be hungry to catch a glimpse of the newest cars and bikes. The focus is on both Indian-grown and international brands.Date: May 18-19Timings: 10 AM onwardsWhere: Taneja Aerospace and Aviation Limited, HosurPrice: ₹700/person onwards4. The Wanted Live  A post shared by The Wanted (@thewantedmusic)The Wanted, we are ‘Glad You Came’ to Bangalore! No 'that’s what she said' jokes. Because we can't wait to sing out loud to some of the hit songs by them. If you are unaware, they are a 2009 British-Irish boy band who shot to fame with their extremely catchy singles topping charts since 2010. Some of the other hits are All Time Low, Lightning, Chasing the Sun, I Found You and more. The Wanted fans, you should 100% attend this event!Date: May 19Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: Street 1522Price: ₹999/person onwardsAlso Read: From Wine Tasting To Haunted Heritage Walk, 8 Exciting Events To Look For In Delhi This Month5. NIKHITA GANDHI LIVE IN CONCERT  A post shared by N I K H I T A (@nikhitagandhiofficial)We told you that this month is full of live concerts in Bangalore. This time, Nikhita Gandhi is ready to set the stage on fire with her Bollywood blockbuster songs from movies like Tiger 3, Jagga Jasoos, Tu Jhoothi Main Makkaar, Sooryavanshi and more. Enjoy an electrifying live concert with your buddies and dance the night away to some of your favourite songs. Rehearse the dance steps to show off to your friends!Date: May 18Timings: 6 PM onwardsWhere: Phoenix Market CityPrice: ₹699/person6. RCB VS CSK LIVE SCREENING  A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)Cricket enthusiasts, you wouldn't want to miss out on this epic battle of RCB v/s CSK, much like Dhoni v/s Kholi! We have found an affordable place where they are screening this cricket match. This match is going to be epic for another reason, it's Dhoni’s last match at the Chinnaswamy Stadium. Enjoy the stadium vibes with big screens, affordable food and drinks and people roaring with energy all around. You may support your team by wearing their jersey or flags.Date: May 18Timings: 7 PM onwardsWhere: Animal Bar, Agara Village, 1st Block Koramangala, HSR LayoutPrice: ₹99/person onwards7. Hotel Royal Orchid's Kid-Themed Sunday Brunches  A post shared by Hotel Royal Orchid Bangalore (@royalorchidbangalore)Just as summer vacations are rolling, you might want your kids to be engaged somewhere great. Hotel Royal Orchid has come up with an excellent option for brunches that are kid-themed where delicious flavours collide with fun elements. The menu is focused on kid-friendly dishes with cheesy shots, waffles, pizzas, noodles, pasta, muffins and more. Parents can accompany and enjoy vegan dishes among Indian and continental delicacies. End the lunch with a 100% Sugar-free range of desserts! For the fun part, they offer a bouncy castle, colourful body and face painting and live performances.Date: All Sundays of May Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: Hotel Royal Orchid BengaluruAlso Read: From IPL Screening To One Direction Theme Night, 7 Events To Attend In BangaloreTickets for the above events are available on Bookmyshow and Paytm Insider, head over now and book tickets before it's all sold out.Cover Image Credits: Instagram/shreyaghoshal and iplt20
Bengaluru residents are excited and ready to witness an extraordinary experience. The Karnataka capital will be seeing an epic celestial phenomenon on Wednesday, in just a couple of hours. On April 24, there will be 'Zero Shadow Day' in the city when the position of the sun will directly be at the zenith. Interestingly, there will be no shadows of any vertical object in the surroundings. To know more about this one-of-a-kind event, read on.Bengaluru, Are You Ready For Zero Shadow Day?Taking to X, IIAstrophysics (@IIABengaluru) shared necessary information about the celestial event to take place on Wednesday.Join us on 24 April to celebrate #ZeroShadowDay #ZSD for locations at #Bengaluru latitude Measure shadow lengths & check out our cool demos! We will work with Bhopal & Chennai to calculate Earth's diameter and rotation speed!@asipoec @CosmosMysuru @doot_iia @IndiaDST pic.twitter.com/K5TtwGI8bl— IIAstrophysics (@IIABengaluru) April 23, 2024On the day of this unique phenomenon, no vertical objects cast any shadows for a very short period during the noon hours. It seems unbelievable, right? If you are in Bengaluru right now, do not miss out on this rare experience today. Starting from 12:17 PM till 12:23 PM, the sun will be at the zenith position leading to objects casting no shadow, even after scorching rays of light fall on opaque objects. At 12:17 PM, the sun will be overhead for places at the same latitude like Bengaluru, Chennai, and Mangaluru, as shared by the Indian Institute of Astrophysics (IIA). For these minutes, shadows will totally disappear because of the celestial phenomenon.Different activities to celebrate Zero Shadow Day have already started at the Indian Institute of Astrophysics in Koramangala. Starting from 10 AM on Wednesday, many participants have visited the institute to witness the extraordinary phenomenon. Today's event will be extremely insightful to learn in-depth about shadows, Earth's orbit, and more such similar interesting concepts.pic.twitter.com/EA0b6L4Z8F— IIAstrophysics (@IIABengaluru) April 23, 2024Public Talk has commenced at 10 AM.There will be hands-on demonstrations at 11:30 AM.At 12:17 PM when there will be no shadows.Lastly, the calculation session will start at 12:20 AM.Also read: Can Treated Wastewater Be the Answer To Bengaluru&#8217;s Water Crisis?More Cities To Witness This DayJoin us on 24 April to celebrate #ZeroShadowDay #ZSD for locations at #Bengaluru latitudeMeasure shadow lengths & check out our cool demos! We will work with Bhopal & Chennai to calculate Earth's diameter and rotation speed!@asipoec @CosmosMysuru @doot_iia @IndiaDST pic.twitter.com/99u9oD3Hy0— IIAstrophysics (@IIABengaluru) April 22, 2024Zero Shadow Day is all set to be an incredible experience for lakhs of people living in different places. Not only people in Bengaluru but the phenomenon will be witnessed in several Indian cities as well on the same day. According to a report by NDTV, it is expected to take place in Bhopal, Hyderabad, Kanyakumari, and Mumbai.Also read: Driver Shares Video Of Narrow Miss On The Bengaluru-Mysuru Expressway; Urges Authorities To Take ActionHave you ever experienced such a rare phenomenon before?Cover Image Courtesy: X/ Bangdu (@AreyBangdu)For more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
Is One Direction back again, that too in India? Well, there is no denying that Bangalore always has lit-party scenes. But once in a while skip the crowded (and sweaty) clubs to enjoy an eventful evening with your favourite artists, go for live football matches and more with your loved ones. March quite literally marched away and April 2024 is here. Take a look at the following eventful events in Bangalore for this month and book your calendars accordingly. Do Not Skip These 7 Events Happening In Bangalore This Month1. IPL Under The Stars - Off The Grid Glamps  A post shared by Off The Grid (@offthegrid_glamps)IPL is back again but this is not your regular IPL screening! This is a place where nature, comfort and IPL amalgamate. This is an extremely unique experience; to watch IPL match under the stars with your boo or friends in an open-air theatre, wow! Relax and get cosy at the glamping tents with snackable bites. After the IPL match, there is a night tent stay, a campfire by the lake and dinner. Isn't that a cool event in Bangalore? Cricket lovers should definitely book this.Date: Apr 6 - 7Timings: 3:30 PM onwardsWhere: Tents N' Trails, Omkar Industrial Estate, ChikkabidarakalluPrice: ₹2749/person onwards2. ISL Bengaluru FC vs Mohun Bagan Super Giant Live  A post shared by Sunil Chhetri (@chetri_sunil11)Cricket lovers, move aside because it's time for football lovers to rejoice! Sunil Chhetri fans, make their way to the stadium and watch a nail-biting football match. This event in Bangalore is the brand new season of the Indian Super League and ISL should get hype as much as IPL gets. Hurry and book your tickets for this live match quickly, this April.Date: Apr 11Timings: 7:30 PM onwardsWhere: Sree Kanteerava StadiumPrice: ₹99/person onwards3. Mandala Art WorkshopMandalas are soo satisfying ✨ pic.twitter.com/uaIAQjgG1H— Ritika🎨✨ (@stay_pareshan) April 4, 2024Remember we were talking about events that are far away from clubs and booze, well this one is a relaxing, therapeutic and knowledgeable event in Bangalore. If you are someone who takes pleasure in learning new things, attend this workshop and learn about Mandala. This is a beginner-friendly workshop and can be a cute date idea as well.Date: Apr 13Timings: 4 PM onwardsWhere: Copper + Cloves, Hoysala Nagar, IndiranagarPrice: ₹1999/person onwards4. One Direction Theme Night  A post shared by One Direction (@onedirection)One Direction is not back YET but get ready to scream out and transport back to your teenage years with baby, you light up my world like nobody else! Calling all Directioners in Bangalore, here is your chance to enjoy an evening to go gaga over your favourite hot boyband, One Direction. Bring back those 2016 vibes with photobooths, non-stop dance, 1D songs and more!Date: Apr 14Timings: 8:30 PM onwardsWhere: To be announcedPrice: ₹550/person onwardsAlso Read: From Qawwali Nights To Linkin Park Tribute, Delhi Has 8 Exciting Events For This Month5. So Rude of Me - Swati Sachdeva  A post shared by YouTube India (@youtubeindia)Wouldn't it be so rude if Swati came to your town and you didn't attend her hilarious show and got roasted by her? We think it is extremely rude and so does Swati. This event in Bangalore is filled with laughter where she jokes about her life, people in general (and the audience), her bisexuality and more. Don't be rude and book your tickets now!Date: Apr 19 & 20Timings: 8 & 9 PM onwardsWhere: The Underground Comedy Club, KHB Colony, 5th Block, KoramangalaPrice: ₹599/person onwards6. The Last Tool Tribute tour by Time Throttle  A post shared by Time Throttle (@timethrottle)The 2019 band Time Throttle performs and covers Tool’s music. They then evolved to produce their original music inspired by Tool and other rock artists. If you are a fan of rock music and want to have an exciting weekend in Banglore with your friends, then you should definitely go for this one. Sip on delicious cocktails and groove to their songs this April.Date: Apr 20Timings: 9 PM onwardsWhere: Hard Rock CafePrice: ₹499/person onwards7. Kailash Kher & Kailasa Live  A post shared by Bharat Ka Amrit Kalash (@bharatkaamritkalash)Bangloreans, this is your chance to catch the incredible singer and Padmashree awardee, Kailash Kher! Get ready to immerse yourself in the brilliant and heart-touching melodies of Kher Ji. Groove to songs like Chand Sifarish, Allah Ke Bande, Teri Deewani and so many more. Make sure to surprise your parents by taking them to this event in Bangalore.Date: Apr 27Timings: 7 PM onwardsWhere: Phoenix Marketcity, WhitefieldPrice: ₹999/person onwardsAlso Read: From Comic Con To BMW Joytown, 8 Wonderful Events You Have To Attend In Mumbai This MonthHead over to the website of PayTM or BookMyShow to book your tickets before your favourite event sells out.Happy April, Bangaloreans!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/royalchallengers.bengaluru and onedirection
