In a shocking incident, a 23-year-old Google software engineer from Bengaluru met with a terrible accident after she booked a Rapido ride. Taking to X, she stated that the rider took a sharp turn without using the indicator. Read on to know the mishap that took place.Woman Hospitalised After Her Rapido Scooter Gets Into An AccidentAmisha Aggarwal stated on X (formerly Twitter) that she was never taking a Rapido bike again. She shared two pictures of her bruised leg on a hospital bed. In the comments section, she wrote that this incident happened at the Outer Ring Road. The 23-year-old Google techie booked the bike to travel from Brookfield to Marathahalli multiplex.Never taking a Rapido bike again :) pic.twitter.com/EAwkyCjfb1— Amisha Aggarwal 📌 (@awwmishaaa) June 30, 2024In her X thread, she further explained, that this incident happened on Friday night. The Rapido rider was riding the bike at a high speed and was violating traffic rules. Amisha said that at Outer Ring Road, Kadubeesanahalli, the man suddenly took a sharp turn to enter the service lane. But he took this turn without pressing the indicator. But at that moment, a car rammed into the bike from behind. And she and the Rapido rider fell on the spot.Also Read: 8 New Restaurants In Bengaluru To Head To This MonthThe Rapido rider allegedly ended the trip and fled the spot. She said she was able to avoid grave injuries as her helmet was of good quality. The car driver who collided with the bike helped the techie. She stated to Hindustan Times, that the man even gave her his slippers as she was wearing heels and couldn't walk in them. The man profusely apologised to her. Also, as she fell on the busy Outer Ring Road, no other vehicle rammed into her.Sorry to hear that, hope you're okay.— Vishu Verma (@vishucodes) June 30, 2024Considering the driving skills of majority people in India bike aggregators will fall in the worst category with risk percentage " Living on the edge"— Parag Mandpe (@ParagMandpe) July 1, 2024Netizens Prefer Booking Cabs To Say SafeIn her X thread, the woman mentioned she filed a complaint with Rapido. And the ride-hailing aggregator asked her to file an insurance claim. After this incident, she asked her followers to avoid booking two-wheelers if they love their life. Netizens were shocked and concerned for her after seeing her post. @gagan_goutham mentioned that she always books cabs as he can't trust auto or bike riders.There was a recent train and airport accident also, please don't take that also. Accident happens because of the negligence of someone, blaming the whole organisation is not a good practice. Wishing for your speedy recovery. Take care.— Vivek Rajak (@vivekumarajak) July 1, 2024It’s a rule for most two-wheelers in India to flaunt traffic rules.Major overhaul needed in our laws to actually fine the culprits.Worst is that they put others life at stake.— Monill Parikh (@MonillParikh) July 1, 2024Another mentioned how bike riders often fall in the worst category of riders in India. Many hoped she was better.Also Read: Bengaluru Man Slams Vistara For Cancelled Flight, Lost LuggageMeanwhile, Bengalureans, do let us know if you've ever faced such unfortunate incidents with ride-hailing apps in the city.Cover Image Courtesy: @awwmishaaa/ X and Canva Pro
Get ready for a smoother commute, Bengaluru! The central government has announced a massive project to improve the city's transport system. Bengaluru is about to get a brand new circular rail network, built at an estimated cost of ₹23,000 crore.Bengaluru To Get ₹23,000 Crore Circular Rail Network[caption id="attachment_643173" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Wikimedia Commons[/caption]This announcement comes courtesy of Union Minister of State for Railways and Jal Shakti, V. Somanna. He highlighted the city's rapid development and the need for a robust transport system to keep pace. To address this, they have a blueprint ready for a dedicated circular railway network.This new network won't overlap with the suburban railway network currently under construction. Instead, it will be a separate 287-kilometre-long loop railway. The tracks will course through areas surrounding Bengaluru, including Vaddarahalli, Devanahalli, Malur, Hilalige, Hejjala, Solur, and Nidagunda.Also Read: Amid Safety Concerns, Indian Railways Cuts Speed Of Premium Trains, Increasing Travel Time By 30 MinutesTransportation Upgrade In The Works[caption id="attachment_643174" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (Representative Image)[/caption]Currently, a Detailed Project Report (DPR) is being prepared. This report will detail the specifics of the project, including the exact route and station locations. In an interview with Mathrubhumi English, it was stated by Minister Somanna that Bengaluru's position as a major international city is reflected in this forward-thinking project.The railway network is being built to ensure that Bengaluru has the infrastructure needed to maintain its place on the world stage. Talks have been held with the appropriate officials in Karnataka, and it is assured that major advantages will be brought to the state, similar to other regions.The central government will shoulder the entire financial burden of approximately ₹23,000 crore. Their only request from the state government is assistance with land acquisition. Land acquisition isn't expected to be a major hurdle. The minister explained that wherever existing railway tracks are present, the new tracks will be built alongside them. This minimises the need for entirely new land acquisition.This project is designed with Bengaluru's future growth in mind. With Bengaluru's population booming – it's already over 1.4 crore, not including nearby villages – this new railway network is being designed to handle the city's growth for the next decade and a half.Also Read: Bengaluru: FSSAI Licencing To Now Be Applicable To Roadside Eateries; Here's What This Means For CustomersWith this ambitious project, Bengaluru is set for a major transportation upgrade. Buckle up for a more convenient and efficient travel experience in the years to come!Cover Image Courtesy: Canva (Representative Image)
An Air India Express flight flying from Delhi to Bengaluru via Surat was grounded due to a concerning and unexpected reason. The truck carrying the stairs to be attached to the flight to help passengers board in Surat hit the left wing accidentally. As a result, the flight was grounded at Surat Airport. Read on to know more about it.Stair Truck Crashes Into Air India Express Flight At Surat AirportAs per a report by Desh Gujarat, this incident happened around 8:30 pm on June 29. Airport sources revealed to the publication that the Air India Express flight arrived from Delhi at Surat Airport. It was about to board passengers from Surat and a stair truck was being moved towards the aircraft. The stair truck was moving towards the gate from behind the flight when it accidentally hit the left wing of the plane at around 9 pm.[caption id="attachment_643166" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Canva Pro ( representative pic)[/caption]This accident damaged the plane's left wing. Passengers onboard were alarmed and gravely concerned due to the accident. Airport officials and on-ground staff rushed to the scene to manage the situation. The Air India Express flight was carrying 46 passengers from Delhi to Bengaluru with an additional 122 passengers going to board from Surat.Also Read: Passenger Slams Air India For Delayed Bengaluru-Pune Flight & Dirty Seats; Airline RespondsFlight Grounded, Later CancelledHowever, post the flight's minor accident with the truck carrying the ladder, it was grounded at Surat Airport. Unfortunately, this accident inconvenienced all passengers involved. Initially, it was grounded but later cancelled. This was because, on inspection, the authorities found it unfit for its journey to Bengaluru. Fortunately, no passengers were harmed due to the accident.[caption id="attachment_643167" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Wikimedia Commons[/caption]Also Read: Air India Express Announces Operations From Hindon Airport, Ghaziabad; Becomes 1st Airline To Operate From 2 NCR AirportsThe 46 passengers who boarded the flight from Delhi were accommodated in a hotel for a night's stay in Surat. Those who needed to board the plane from Surat were told to wait until further instructions were given. S C Bhalse, Surat Airport director stated to The Indian Express that they have come across information about the Delhi-Surat-Bengaluru Air India Express flight that it has suffered some problems.The stair truck hit the wing on the backside. Furthermore, S C Bhalse said that repair work was in progress till Saturday and no casualties have been reported so far.Well, what do you think about this incident a stair truck hitting a flight's left wing?Cover Image Courtesy: Wikimedia Commons 
There are multiple advantages of travelling on a flight. Though the journeys cost a bomb and often burn a hole in our pockets, most passengers get to enjoy the best travel experiences. However, flyers sometimes face inconveniences for airlines' poor services. From flight cancellations to bad-quality food to stained seats, these are just a few of the troubles many come across at times. Recently, an Air India passenger ranted how a flight from Bengaluru to Pune was delayed and he had to sit on dirty seats.Man Slammed Air India For A Late Pune-Bound Flight From BengaluruAditya Kondawar took to the X platform to share about problems that he faced on this journey to Pune.Dear @AirIndiaX , Thank you for teaching me a very valuable lesson last nightNever and I mean it with all seriousness - I am never flying Air India Express or Air India in my life again - I will pay 100% extra cost if needed but will take other airlines that are on time (only…— Aditya Kondawar (@aditya_kondawar) June 25, 2024The passenger started ranting about his experiences mentioning how he would never travel with Air India Express or Air India again. "Never and I mean it with seriousness", he added. He is willing to pay 100 per cent additional cost, fly with other punctual airlines, or even take a bullock cart, but not travel with the Tata group-owned airlines.Aditya Kondawar was flying to Pune from Bengaluru. Flight IX 974 was scheduled to depart from the Bengaluru airport at 9:50 PM. However, a major delay caused the plane to take off around 12:15 to 12:20 AM. Unfortunately, this was not the end of his and other onboard passengers' miseries. The aircraft was stinking. Its seats were stained and dirty.Calling the flying experience a 'disaster', he shared that he has immense respect for the Tata Group and their leaders and also expects perfection from them.Also read: Passenger Finds Metal Blade In Air India Meal; Netizens Shocked, Call It A &#8216;Cutting-Edge Dining Experience&#8217;Airline Replied To The Passenger's ComplaintHi Aditya! We apologise for the inconvenience caused due to the disruption in your flight schedule. Please note that the incoming flight was delayed due to reasons beyond our control. We will look into the issue raised regarding your aircraft experience and will fix it (1/2)— Air India Express (@AirIndiaX) June 25, 2024Air India Express responded to Aditya Kondawar's X post and apologised for all the inconveniences he had to suffer because of a disruption in the flight schedule. The airline stated that the reasons causing the flight delay were beyond their control.We never want our guests to have such an experience, Aditya. Rest assured, we've noted your feedback and will look into it. Please consider this an isolated incident and give us the chance to serve you better in the future.— Air India Express (@AirIndiaX) June 25, 2024Aditya further replied that the airline will lose customers if Air India and Air India Express continue to provide such services. Pointing out the cleanliness issues, he also added that the flight's hygiene was worse than a Mumbai local train.Also read: Consumer Court Orders Air India To Pay Passenger ₹1 Lakh For Defective Business Class Seats On Delhi -Toronto RouteHave you travelled with Air India before? If yes, have you had similar experiences?Cover Image Courtesy: Wikimedia Commons, X/ Aditya Kondawar (@aditya_kondawar)
Starting July 1, drivers on the Bengaluru-Mysuru road network can expect a more high-tech journey thanks to the expansion of the Intelligent Traffic Management System (ITMS). Alok Kumar, ADGP for Traffic and Road Safety in Karnataka announced the full implementation, bringing the system that was first launched in Bengaluru— last December— to Mysuru city and surrounding areas.About Bengaluru-Mysuru Intelligent Traffic Management System[caption id="attachment_639973" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (Representative Image)[/caption]The ITMS utilises a network of 250 Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras and 80 Red Light Violation Detection (RLVD) cameras strategically placed at 50 key junctions. This technology helps authorities identify traffic violations and improve overall road safety.Mysuru joins Bengaluru in this tech-driven approach to traffic management. The expansion, costing ₹8.5 crore, equips major roads in Mysuru with ANPR cameras. Funding for the project is split, with ₹4 crore allocated to Mysuru city and ₹4.5 crore for the district region. Traffic violators in Mysuru can expect to receive challans (fines) starting July 1.Benefits Of Variable Messaging Signs[caption id="attachment_639974" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (Representative Image)[/caption]The ADGP's vision extends beyond Mysuru. He plans to integrate ITMS into four major highways connecting Bengaluru: Tumakuru Road (NH 4), Kanakapura Road (NH 948), Hosur Road (NH 44), and NH 75. These highways will benefit from Variable Messaging Signs (VMS) to keep drivers informed about real-time traffic conditions and road events.Plans are also underway to install additional cameras and VMS boards along the Bengaluru-Mysuru highway itself. The state road transport authority has greenlit the proposal, and tenders are expected to be issued in July.Looking beyond cameras and signage, a meeting on June 1 saw the state police discuss integrating the challan system with FASTags at toll gates. This could allow for direct deduction of traffic fines from a driver's FASTag wallet, streamlining the penalty process. ADGP Kumar intends to seek approval for this initiative from the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH).Also Read: Remember The Entry Fee Bangalore Airport Implemented? They Have Now Decided To Revoke It Amid Public OutrageThe focus on road safety extends beyond ITMS. The police department is investing in additional tools to enhance safety across Karnataka, excluding Bengaluru. This includes new signboards, blinkers, 800 alcometers for drunk driving detection, and 155 laser speed guns.Cover Image Courtesy: Wikimedia Commons
Every year, we see many Indians shifting abroad. From pursuing higher education to starting a new job, people from different parts of the world move to other countries to work hard for a better life and enjoy more perks. While most people, especially the young generation, wish to shift to a foreign country, an Indian man living in Singapore has decided to move back to Bengaluru with his family. It is indeed a life-changing decision. What influenced him and his family to take such a big step? Let's find out!Indian Man Is All Set To Move Back To Bengaluru From SingaporeAakash Dharmadhikari shared his major plan on the X platform and stated a few reasons for influencing him to finalise the decision.Partly we are shifting to Bangalore to get my daughter used to uncertainties of life. Singapore is just way too perfect, and we thought it’s making her soft. Unfortunately we also had forgotten what the Indian chaos feels like.. turns out we have also become soft 😂— aakash dharmadhikari (@aakashd) June 20, 2024Aakash Dharmadhikari is the founder of realfast and he lives in Singapore with his family. After living abroad for years, he finally decided to move back to Bengaluru and tag along with his family members as well. The reason behind this crucial conclusion is neither negative nor Singapore is a bad place to reside. Rather, the country is too perfect for his family and they are enjoying a good life there. Why are they coming back to India if everything is continuing smoothly?Mr. Dharmadhikari revealed that they are partly shifting to Bengaluru for his daughter. He wants the little one to get used to the different uncertainties of life. He further added how Singapore is making his daughter soft as the country is "just way too perfect".Well, a great lifestyle and fantastic amenities in the overseas nation have not only softened Mr. Aakash's daughter but he has also become soft in the long run. He shared that he forgot the experiences of Indian chaos and what the bustle felt like.Also read: Bengaluru Couple Finds Cobra In Xbox Package Ordered On Amazon; Netizen Ask, &#8220;Asli Amazon Se Mangwaya Hai Kya?Netizens React To The Indian Founder's Reaction To Shift Back To India From BengaluruHis X post is going viral sparking a discussion on the platform. Most X users can somewhat understand the reasons prompting the man to move back to Bengaluru from Singapore. Let's find out how Netizens are reacting.Did the same 10+ years ago for the exact same reason. :)Now here permanently and there every qtr :)— Kausshal | Teapreneur (@Tea_preneur) June 21, 2024Sounds like a well-intentioned quote straight out of Calvin and Hobbes, 'Calvin, you'll build character when we go camping!'— Issac John (@Iszzak) June 21, 2024Very relatable 😅— Meet Bhagdev (@meet_bhagdev) June 21, 2024Each one has a perspective.The grass is always green on the other side.Life in Bangalore , I thought is more certain & there is calm & a pattern even in the chaos 😀😀— Hey Ram (@rampris) June 21, 2024Sounds like you're doing well as a parent! Our job as parents is to build resilient kids!Kudos for joining the less-trodden path.— Eat Sleep Wealth™ (@EatSleepWealth) June 21, 2024I am in a similar dilemma— VIgnesh (@vigneshriyer22) June 20, 2024Had a similar hypothesis a decade ago and after having experienced it through, have no regrets. Life in the U.S. was a bubble for the kid. He will do fine now wherever he wants to go from here. pic.twitter.com/M8ivQCt9s9— rohitmalekar.eth (@RohitMalekar) June 20, 2024Also read: Bengaluru Woman Confronts Man On Cutting In Line &#038; Gets Yelled At; Here’s What The Restaurant Did NextWhy would you intentionally make life more difficult for your own child and devoid them of having a superior life and comfortable upbringing?— satvik (@sxtvik) June 21, 2024Moved back from the US in 1996 and loved it! It isn’t about the place or your daughter, it’s about where your heart feels at home because that’s what you offer to your daughter … pray that you find yourself here🙏🏼— Aveejeet (@AveejeetPalit) June 21, 2024life in bangalore is way tougher than other cities of india. It’s particularly tough due to reduced mobility due to high traffic.— somesh agarwal (@someemee) June 21, 2024Home is always where the heart is. Best of luck, Mr Aakash. HC Wong— Singapore in India (@SGinIndia) June 21, 2024Do you think it is a good decision to leave Singapore and shift to Bengaluru? What are your views on this?Cover Image Courtesy: Canva, X/ aakash dharmadhikari (@aakashd)
To enhance passenger comfort, Air India has unveiled a three-class configuration on its newly inducted narrowbody aircraft - A320. They have introduced all-new Business, Premium Economy, and Economy Cabins on their domestic and short-haul international routes. Read on to learn more about these new additions and routes.Air India’s New A320 Fleet To Have Business & Premium Economy Cabins[caption id="attachment_637580" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: PR Agency[/caption]Good news for frequent flyers, Air India’s A320neo aircraft will now have Business, Premium Economy, and Economy cabins. The airline has refitted two new A320neo aircraft – VT-RTW and VT-RTZ – in a three-class configuration. It is to be noted that this is the first time that Air India has introduced Premium Economy cabins on narrowbody aircraft.Air India’s A320 will now feature 8 luxurious seats in Business, 24 extra legroom seats in Premium Economy and 132 comfortable seats in Economy. All three cabins will have subtle cabin mood lighting, spacious legroom and wider pitch, and modern features like portable electronic device (PED) holders and USB ports to charge mobile phones, laptops and other gadgets, among other facilities.[caption id="attachment_637581" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: PR Agency[/caption]The Business cabins will have 40-inch ergonomic seats with a deep 7-inch recline, an adjustable armrest, footrest and backrest for complete comfort. The all-new Premium Economy cabins will have larger seats with lush upholstery, a four-way headrest, wider 32-inch seat pitch with a 4-inch recline, among other amenities. Also, to give you a better travel experience, Air India has also added more meal options for passengers. Coming to the Economy seats, this class is also ergonomically designed with comfortable upholstery, 28-29-inch seat pitch, 4-inch recline and legroom. It will also have a PED holder, tray table, USB charging port and a coat hook.Air India plans to introduce the three-class configuration to its entire narrowbody fleet over the next year.Also Read: ‘Travel Now, Pay Later’ Sees 11% Rise In Bookings To Indian Pilgrimage Sites; Bookings For Short-Haul Destinations Increase By 33%Everything You Need To Know About The Routes On This New Fleet[caption id="attachment_637583" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Wikimedia (representative image)[/caption]Now, if you are excited about this new upgrade by Air India and wish to experience this, then you won’t have to wait long. This upgraded A320 Fleet with a three-class configuration is scheduled to fly between Delhi, Bengaluru, and Chandigarh from July 1.Air India’s A320neo with these new seat cabins will take four daily flights between Delhi and Bengaluru. They will also run a flight between Delhi and Chandigarh every day. This flight will depart from Delhi at 8:45 PM and reach Chandigarh at 10 PM. The flight will then return to Delhi by 11:45 PM after departing from Chandigarh at 10:45 PM.Now, this is what we call flying in comfort! We hope this information was useful to you. Let us know in the comments.Cover Image Courtesy: PR Agency & Facebook/Air India (representative image)
Bengaluru's traffic congestion issues are time and again discussed at dinner parties and even with our HRs, citing the reason for our late punch-in. It's high time the city has some respite from it. And now news comes that Bengaluru will soon get an 18-km-long tunnel road with five entry points. Built at a cost of ₹8100 crore, could this end our traffic woes in the city? Let's find out!18-km Tunnel Road With 5 Entries, Costing ₹450 Crores Per Km To Come Up In BengaluruAs per a report by India Today, in order to reduce tragic congestion in Bengaluru, the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) will develop an 18-km-long underground tunnel. The project will cost roughly ₹450 crores per kilometre and will most likely be completed by January 1, 2025. Moreover, this tunnel will connect Hebbal's Esteem Mall (in north Bengaluru) to the Central Silk Board Junction in the southern part of the city with five entry and exit points.[caption id="attachment_637562" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Canva Pro[/caption]Currently, it takes over one hour to commute between Hebbal and Central Silk Board. But once the tunnel comes up Bengalureans can travel between the two locations in just 20 to 25 minutes. The entry and exit points to this tunnel are Lalbagh, Palace Grounds, Bangalore Golf Club and the vacant ground near Esteem Mall in Hebbal.BBMP Chief Engineer BS Prahalad stated to India Today that as per the feasibility report, there are 15 congestion points between Central Silk Board Junction and Hebbal Esteem Mall. And this diagonally moves inside the city. So, to avoid chaos and congestion in these areas, the BBMP has planned an alternative tunnel road.Also Read: Bengaluru Couple Finds Cobra In Xbox Package Ordered On Amazon; Netizen Ask, &Asli Amazon Se Mangwaya Hai Kya? Expect A Nominal User Fee!The height of this underground tunnel will be 10 metres and it will allow vehicles to travel between 40 kmph to 60 kmph. Also, this tunnel ensures that there shall be minimal tree felling issues at interchange lanes. BS Prahalad also stated that while there is another alternative to sort out the issue it would require more land acquisition and tree felling. And it may disrupt traffic for 3 to 4 years.[caption id="attachment_637561" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Canva Pro[/caption]Also Read: From HEX Entertainment To Fun City, 8 Gaming Zones Shut Down In Bengaluru For Violating Safety RegulationsSo, this 18-km tunnel road project at an estimated project cost of ₹8100 crore was decided to be the right solution for Bengaluru's traffic woes which are caused due to the city's rapidly growing population. While an amount hasn't been decided yet, you can expect a user fee for maintenance.Bengalureans, are you waiting for the next year already to get some respite from the traffic?Cover Image Courtesy: Canva Pro (Representative Picture)
IndiGo, India’s most popular airline, has recently announced two new direct flight routes from Bengaluru, the Silicon Valley of India in Karnataka. The officials of the airline are hopeful about this new launch and it is hoped that the new routes will provide travellers with convenient and affordable travel alternatives. Here are all of the important details that you would need to know about these two new flight route launches by IndiGo.IndiGo Introduces Direct Flights To Nashik, Jabalpur  A post shared by IndiGo (@indigo.6e)According to an article which was recently published by Travel and Tour World or TTW, the direct flights are from Bengaluru’s Kempegowda International Airport or KIA. One of the two new destinations that the airline has added is Nashik in Maharashtra.The flights to and from Nashik to and from Bengaluru will run on a daily basis. The flights to Jabalpur, however, will not be daily. The Bengaluru-Jabalpur flights will operate four times in a week.These will be on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays. In addition to providing fliers with unparalleled comfort at affordable prices, these flight routes also serve as opportunities for the airline to bolster its commitment towards providing the flier with a seamless travel experience.Also Read: X User Slams IndiGo For "Pathetic Boarding" In Istanbul-Bound Flight; Passengers Wait Inside Boarding BridgeFlight Operations To Commence From September Onwards  A post shared by IndiGo (@indigo.6e)The flight operations for both routes will commence from September this year. The Bengaluru-Jabalpur route will become operational from September 1, 2024. The Bengaluru-Nashik route, however, will begin operations on September 10, 2024.Once the operations begin, it will make the lives of fliers considerably more convenient and equip the passengers with more flight options at affordable prices.As of now, there is no other airline that is providing direct flights between Bengaluru and Jabalpur. But being the first airline to do so, IndiGo has demonstrated its ability to serve routes that otherwise would not have direct air connectivity.This will surely boost travel between all three cities and make for a much easier commute. Nashik especially sees a lot of tourists as it is known as the wine capital of India owing to its vineyards.Also Read: IndiGo To Operate Flights Connecting Durgapur With Bagdogra, Bhubaneswar &#038; Guwahati From AugustWill these launches help in easing your travels? Let us know in the comments section below!Cover Image Credits: Wikimedia Commons
On Thursday morning, during peak hours, passengers on Bengaluru Metro's Purple Line heading from Baiyappanahalli to Challaghatta were in for a nasty shock. When the train reached Trinity Metro Station, the doors failed to open much to the dismay of the passengers the officials who had to manually open the doors to evacuate the passengers. Here's more to it.Doors Were Manually Opened At Trinity Station To Evacuate PassengersAs per a report by The New Indian Express, Bengaluru Metro faced a technical snag at Trinity Station. An official release stated that the issue happened at Trinity Station at 9:58 pm am on Thursday. Train service got disrupted. Later, a defective train made its way to a pocket track at Kempegowda Station. Train operations partially came to a halt on the Purple Line of the Bengaluru Metro. Later, they regained normalcy in operations at 11:30 am.Due to technical snag at TRINITY Stn at 9.58 am today train service got disrupted & later at Kempegowda stn majestic the fault train was moved to pocket track. Train services are restored & may take a minimum of an hour to restore to normally. Inconvenience caused is regretted.— ನಮ್ಮ ಮೆಟ್ರೋ (@OfficialBMRCL) June 13, 2024When this defective train reached Trinity Metro Station, the doors failed to open. Passengers were stuck in the train for a while. Later, authorities manually opened the doors and helped passengers alight. BL Yashavanth Chavan, BMRCL Chief Public Relations Officer took to X (formerly Twitter) to alert the public about his mishap at 11:25 am. However, many chided him for giving delayed information.Also Read: Bengaluru Metro Turning Into Delhi Metro & Netizen Posts Video Of Spotting Couple Kissing On Metro Bengaluru Metro Passengers Complain About DelaysChavan told TNIE that this train had been taken to Kempegowda station by 9.30 am. After this, succeeding trains were permitted to run on these tracks. So, trains ferrying passengers from Challaghatta to Baiyappanahalli weren't affected. However, due to the delay, the scheduled train timetable could only be followed post 11:30 am.WTH is going on with Bangalore metro?! The train halted atleast 15 minutes on past couple of stops and finally passengers were asked to deboard. @OfficialBMRCL pic.twitter.com/JSCZ2664qA— Manikandan K S (@msgMani) June 13, 2024Also Read: Bengaluru Metro Records The Highest-Ever Daily Passenger Footfall; 7.92 Lakh Travelled On Apr 15Recently, Bengaluru Metro and BMRCL have received a lot of brickbats on social media due to persistent disruptions in operations. On June 2, a fallen tree branch due to rain halted the operation. On May 19 there was maintenance work near MG Road. Then again three suicide attempts this year caused further issues. A technical snag on the Purple Line in February this year during peak hours frustrated passengers as many were office-goers. There was a 4-hour delay.@OfficialBMRCL crazy scenes at Mg road metro, passengers are asked to deboard without any reason. Trains running extremely slow towards majestic. Atleast share an official update.#bangaloremetro— Anagh (@AnaghAgrawal) June 13, 2024We hope Bengaluru Metro takes stringent measures to ensure passengers aren't inconvenienced.Cover Image Courtesy: Wikipedia (Picture used for representation)
