Officials from the Food Safety Department in Chennai raided about 58 pani puri shops in the city on Tuesday. This raid comes after Karnataka’s Food Safety Department found carcinogenic chemicals in many pani puri samples they lifted from local shops. Officials in Chennai raided shops and carts across the city and even picked samples for testing. One of their biggest concerns after the raid was the lack of hygiene by the vendors.58 Pani Puri Shops Raided By Food Safety Department In Chennai[caption id="attachment_645292" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]Pani puri shops have come under the scanner in Chennai. Officials from the Food Safety Department raided about 58 pani puri and street food shops in the city. As per a report in The Hindu, the raid was conducted at shops and push carts across the city, including 10 on the popular Marina Beach.P. Satheesh Kumar, Designated Officer, Food Safety Department, Chennai led the raid. While talking to The Hindu about this, he said that his team aims to raid at least 700 more shops across the city in the next two to three days. They will inspect and pick samples for testing from these stores.These raids in Chennai came after Karnataka’s Food Safety Department, reportedly, found carcinogenic chemicals in many pani puri samples they picked from various vendors in the state. The presence of cancer-causing chemicals in the popular street food dish raised concerns and compelled officials in Chennai to check samples in their city as well.Also Read: Kolkata: Street Food Vendors Outside Popular Park Circus Market To Be RehabilitatedSamples Sent For Testing; Unhygienic Practices A Cause Of Concern[caption id="attachment_645293" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]According to The Hindu, Chennai’s Food Safety Department team has samples of masala and sauces from several pani puri outlets across the city. Another important thing they found during the raid was the lack of hygiene at these shops. This has emerged as another cause for concern for the officials.While talking to The Hindu, P. Satheesh Kumar said that the vendors should wear gloves while serving pani puri. He further suggested using separate ladles for pouring the sauce and adding masala instead of using bare hands. He also suggested using disposable plates for serving pani puri to maintain hygiene.We can’t wait to see what the sample results are. It is deeply concerning how one of India’s most popular street foods can be so easily spoiled by using harmful chemicals. What are your thoughts about this? Fill us in in the comments section.Cover Image Courtesy: Wikimedia (representative image)
This fast-paced environment demands processed and ready-to-eat food for people who might not have time to prepare meals regularly. This results in overlooking the nutritious value offered by the food that comes with an expiry date. Amongst those is a hero in shining armour known as the ‘Healthiest MasterChef Of India’! Dr Padayal Sivakumar is reinventing healthy eating habits by encouraging eating food in its most natural state.Who Is Dr Padayal Sivakumar, The Healthiest MasterChef Of India?  A post shared by dr.r.padayalsiva (@padayalnooil_noboil)Almost 30 years ago, Padayal Sivakumar set off on a research expedition across the states of India to find magical and healthy food eating habits and methods. He realised that most of the nutritious value of the food is lost as soon as we cook it. He desired to absorb the readily available nutrients from the fruits and veggies in their utmost raw state.With his incredible journey to understand and unravel the methods of traditional farming along with science, he comprehended that consuming food in its purest form is the most healthy option. It provides the maximum nutrition that our body requires. Next, he took it upon himself to spread awareness about this. He made more than 2500 dishes that require no oil and no cooking or boiling!Padayal Sivakumar discovered food recipes by appreciating the natural flavours of raw ingredients. With time, he opened his restaurant in Chennai called, No Oil No Boil which follows the rules same as its name!Also Read: 5 Best Vegetarian Breakfast Spots In Chennai To Start Your Day With A Traditional BrekkieNo Oil No Boil’s Natural State Is Extremely Healthy  A post shared by dr.r.padayalsiva (@padayalnooil_noboil)The Healthiest MasterChef Of India forbade the usage of any oil or boiling. Both contribute to the loss of important nutrients in the food. There is a plethora of delicious and nutritious dishes on the menu of Sivakumar’s No Oil No Boil. He inculcated almost every flavour from Indian states and produced culinary marvels at its most natural state. Go try it.Eat nutritious and healthy meals and you will be amazed to see what is in store for you when you skip oil and boiling food.Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/padayalnooil_noboil
Every newborn baby grows up drinking breast milk. Loaded with nutrients and antibodies, this is suitable for infants' health and helps them to grow. We all are aware that this form of nutrition is only for babies and adults should strictly avoid drinking it. However, there are outlets and shops selling breast milk to customers. Recently, Food Safety and Standards Authorities of India (FSSAI) raided a shop in Chennai and discovered breast milk stocked up inside.FSSAI Investigated Shop For Selling Breast MilkA team of FSSAI officials headed to a local shop in Chennai's Madhavaram on Friday and conducted an inspection. The officials found a stock of breast milk in the fridge while raiding the outlet. After discovering bottles inside the shop, the Food Safety Department of Tamil Nadu sealed it as the vendor was selling breast milk illegally. According to a report by The Times of India, they found about 90 bottles. Each of these was filled with breast milk measuring 100 ml.Many bottles had information about the mothers mentioned on them. Rest were pasteurised and labelled, Dr M Jegadish Chandra Bose shared with TOI. The food safety officials collected samples of the breast milk discovered there and delivered them for testing at a laboratory in Guindy. They cancelled the licence of the vendor too.The officials kept an eye on the store for more than a week. They were informed about the outlet doing illegal business of selling breast milk. According to a report by The Indian Express, the store was under scrutiny for 10 days. While they did not find any proof regarding the sale of breast milk while it was under scrutiny, they discovered the truth during the investigation.Also read: Why Is Calcium Carbide, An Artificial Ripener, Prohibited By The FSSAI?The Food Safety Body Issued An Advisory For Human MilkFSSAI released an advisory on selling human milk recently. It clearly stated processing and selling it is not permitted. It violates the Food Safety and Standards Act of 2006. The safety body alerted the operators and mentioned that the commercial sale of breast milk is illegal in India. Also, it advised all states to strictly prohibit the sale of human milk.Also read: FSSAI Introduces Carcinogen Check Process Amid Controversy Concerning Indian SpicesWhat are your views on this?Cover Image Courtesy: Canva
Janhvi Kapoor is in Chennai promoting her latest movie ‘Mr. and Mrs. Mahi.’ During her visit, she visited the iconic Murugan Idli, a haven for the eponymous rice cakes. Pictures and videos of her relishing a delicious-looking South Indian fare have gone viral on social media. If you’re curious to know more about this iconic vegetarian restaurant chain, worry not! Here are all the details you need to know about the history and locations of Murugan Idli.Janhvi Kapoor Visits Murugan Idli In ChennaiMrs. Mahi reaches Chennai 😍#MrAndMrsMahi #JanhviKapoor pic.twitter.com/bNgAQBGkfD— Radha (@SupremacyJanhvi) May 27, 2024If you’re a local of Chennai, Murugan Idli might be a familiar name. It is an iconic chain of vegetarian restaurants throughout Tamil Nadu. They are especially known for their delicious, pillowy soft idlis! Janhvi Kapoor relished some delicious South Indian fare here recently.Amidst promotions, #JanhviKapoor takes a pit stop to relish a South Indian meal, in Chennai. 😍#MrAndMrsMahi releasing in theatres on May 31st, 2024! pic.twitter.com/WikPpOJ4F0— Narendra Gupta (@narendragupta19) May 27, 2024But this iconic restaurant chain had a very humble beginning. It started as a place that primarily served coffee. Back then, it was called Murugan Coffee Nilayam and was located in Madurai. In addition to coffee, it served a plethora of South Indian snacks.In 1991, the eatery went through significant revamping and introduced a lot of newer items. It then opened other outlets including the one in Chennai opened in 2003. Today, Murugan Idli’s legacy as an authentic and affordable place for South Indian fare has been cemented. Scores of people throng to its different outlets to satiate their cravings for South Indian fare.Also Read: Rain, Thunderstorms Lash Bengaluru, Diverting 8 Flights To Chennai; Inclement Weather Wreaks Havoc For FlyersVisits Sridevi’s Favourite Temple In Chennai, Muppathamman Temple  A post shared by Janhvi Kapoor (@janhvikapoor)On her Chennai trip, she also visited the famous Muppathamman Temple. She took to Instagram and shared a couple of pictures. In the caption, she talked about how this temple was her mother's absolute favourite place to visit in Chennai.Her mother – the late iconic actor Sridevi, loved this temple and this was the first time that Janhvi visited this temple. She seemed quite elated at her first visit.Also Read: Netizens Share Stunning Visuals Of International Space Station As It Flies Over Chennai; Where To Spot It NextWhere: Chennai, Madurai, SingaporeWhen: 7 AM to 9 PMCost: ₹200 for two approx.Have you ever visited Murugan Idli? If not, is the place on your bucket list? Let us know in the comments section below!Cover Image Credits: @SupremacyJanhvi and @narendragupta19/X (Formerly, Twitter)
Ask any South Indian what rasam means to them. And they'd echo that it's an emotion. Rasam is the ultimate comfort soup prepared with the goodness of tomatoes, pepper, spices and light tempering. But have you ever heard about rasam being served in a Martini glass? Well, neither have we, until we recently chanced upon a reel filmed at ITC Grand Chola in Chennai. Check it out!Rasam Steeped In French Press & Served In Martini Glass  A post shared by Prabhu Visha (@prabhuvisha)Digital creator Prabhu Visha took to Instagram to share a glimpse of his fine-dining experience at ITC Grand Chola in Chennai. In the reel, a server is seen pouring a mug of piping hot rasam into a French press. It then steeps and filters out the coriander, tomatoes and other coarse ingredients. Next, the clear broth of the South Indian soup is poured into Martini glasses and served to Prabhu Visha and his wife. Holding the Martini glass in her hand, his wife mouths, "It's hot." She waits for a bit for the drink to cool down and then takes slow sips and looks agreeably at the camera. The digital creator supplements the reel with a caption stating, "Let's take our Rasam to the next level."Also Read: Bhagyashree, Calls Rasam &#8220;Soup For The Soul And We Couldn't Agree More!Netizens Have Mixed Reactions To This Bougie DrinkPrabhu Visha states that from weddings to during one's sickness, rasam is a staple at every South Indian household. While most Indians enjoy it with rice or drink it from a stainless steel cup, this is the first time Prabhu is trying this consumme from a Martini Glass. The content creator lauded the hotel for coming up with this unique manner of serving rasam. However, Netizens were left aghast at watching rasam being steeped in a French press and later served in Martini glasses. @_a_radha_na asks, "What's next? Are you going to Latte Sambar?"Also Read: What's With So Many Biryani Centres In Bangalore Asks Redditor; Misses Mudde Sarru, Rasam Rice Another Instagrammer called this dish at ITC "heavenly" and "addictive."Some people slammed the hotel for making rasam bougie and inauthentic. For this, Prabhu Visha quipped if rasam get the right spotlight then he is more than happy. Well, Netizens, what do you think of rasam being served in Martini glasses? Is this a yay or nay?Cover Image Courtesy: prabhuvisha/ InstagramFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
y We’re up for big, fancy meals any day, everyday. However, our love for home-cooked meals is simply unmatchable! The beauty and flavour of homestyle food is something that no one can deny, including Kenny Sebastian. The stand–up artist recently visited Kaylir Canteen in Chennai’s Teynampet and he is all praises of their homestyle cooking and simple yet delicious flavours. He posted about his visit on his Instagram and we’re loving this foodie inside Kenny!Kenny Sebastian Enjoys Homestyle Lunch In Chennai[caption id="attachment_581400" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Instagram/@kennethseb[/caption]Kenny Sebastian recently visited Kaylir Canteen in Chennai and he is all praises for the simple, homestyle food served there. This pet-friendly canteen serves only breakfast and lunch for now and has become quite popular recently. During his visit, Kenny talked about the staff and how many of them left their “cushy jobs” in startups and the IT sector to work at this eatery. He was also quite impressed with how happy the staff looked while working![caption id="attachment_581402" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Instagram/@kennethseb[/caption]Coming to the food he had at Kaylir Canteen. He shared a picture of a “typical lunch” thali which had some really delicious-looking dishes. Kenny mentioned how the dishes had lots of veggies and were cooked with fresh ingredients in “super less oil”. He called the meal “as homey as your grandmother’s hugs!”Kenny also tried Paneer Bhurji from the breakfast menu and loved the flavours. He added a caption to his story that said that the paneer was so delicious that “it is now running for elections!”Also Read: Kenny Sebastian Shares Personal Travel Ritual He Does Whenever He's In Kerala & You Should Do It Too!And, He Wouldn’t Be Kenny Without Some Hilarious Takes In Between[caption id="attachment_581403" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Instagram/@kennethseb[/caption]Now, Kenny Sebastian wouldn’t be Kenny Sebastian without adding a touch of humour in his Instagram stories. So, in his typical style, he mentioned how Kaylir Canteen is pet-friendly and has a cat called Alpenliebe. The cat enjoys the free meals at the canteen and is far-behind in its rent! So, if you have a pet and wish to bring them along to this eatery, then you can get them along and have a goof time.That meal surely has our heart! What does your ideal lunch look like? Fill us in in the comments!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/@kaylircanteen & Instagram/@kennethsebFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
If there is one cuisine we Indians love apart from our own, it the Italian cuisine. The creamy and rich dishes totally make our hearts happy, especially when prepared authentically. Well, Chennai folks, get ready to treat your heart and soul to such authentic flavours with the newest haunt in the city.  This restaurant promises not just food but an immersive journey through the streets of Italy. Welcome to Elba Trading Company (ETC), a celebration of authentic Italian flavours.Elba Trading Company Dazzles Chennai With Its Authentic Italian Fare  A post shared by Elba Trading Company (@elbatradingco)At ETC, they believe in bringing the essence of Italy to your plate, right here in Chennai. Why settle for anything less when you can indulge in the finest homemade pasta, freshest ingredients, and unparalleled dining experiences?As Indians embrace homemade delicacies with open arms, ETC calls you to savour the true essence of Italian cuisine. From the comforting aroma of freshly baked focaccia to the exquisite taste of handcrafted pasta, each dish is all set to woo you.Step into this intimate 25-seater space, where every corner whispers tales of Italy. Here, you'll find yourself surrounded by the warmth of hospitality and the aroma of simmering sauces. It will certainly be an unforgettable dining experience.Also Read: Not Cool To Eat ‘Kul’! People In Bengal Do NOT Eat Ber AKA Indian Jujubes Before Saraswati Puja; Here’s WhyUnveiling Culinary Treasures Of Italy  A post shared by Elba Trading Company (@elbatradingco)With four mouthwatering flavours to choose from, their famous house-baked focaccia will take your taste buds on a culinary adventure unlike any other. It is certainly a symphony of flavours just waiting to be savoured. Whether you choose the decadent richness of onion cheese and blue peas or the traditional simplicity of garlic and spinach, you will be left wanting more. Taste-tested and matched with their in-house dips like roasted pumpkin and garlic Parmesan foam, each bite is an experience.Savour the delicious Stracciatella plate, a well-balanced blend of creamy soft cheese, housemade basil pesto, and colourful tomatoes, enhanced with a balsamic reduction drizzle. Sounds heavenly, right? But wait till you savour the earthy charm of truffles, which come straight from Elba. They give their handmade pasta a rich, flavourful, and creamy texture you will never get enough of. And their best-selling Milk Buns—deliciously soft and lightly sweet— are served with a rich truffle-infused butter. With just a bite of these, get ready for a sensory experience that will blow your mind. At Elba Trading Company, good pasta isn't just a dish—it's a way of life. Buon Appetito!Where: Ground Floor, Door No 99, VidhyaTheertha Nagar, St Marys Rd, beside Beachville Coffee Roasters, Subbaraya Avenue, Vidhya Thirtha Nagar, Alwarpet, ChennaiWhen: 7 pm - 10 pmCover Image Courtesy: Elba Trading Company/InstagramFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
Nestled amidst the bustling streets of Chennai's retail hub, Beachville Coffee Roasters unveils its latest gem on the vibrant KNK Road. Envisioned as more than just a coffee joint, this new sanctuary promises to be a haven for aficionados and novices alike. With an air of anticipation swirling around its grand opening on February 12th, the second outpost of Beachville Coffee Roasters sets the stage for an unparalleled coffee experience. Beachville Coffee Roasters' Second Cafe Opens  A post shared by Beachville Coffee Roasters (@beachvillecoffee)Stepping inside, you will be greeted by an ambiance that seamlessly marries modern aesthetics with cosy comfort. At the heart of this new venture lies an enticing array of brews, carefully curated from the finest estates spanning the globe. From the robust flavours of traditional South Indian coffee to the exotic allure of African blends, each offering is a testament to Beachville's commitment to quality and authenticity. Among the stars of the show is the Attikan coffee, a symphony of vanilla, fig, caramel, and nuts that dances on the palate with every sip. For those seeking a refreshing twist, the Coffee Jelly Latte promises a delightful fusion of flavours reminiscent of bubble tea, sure to tantalise taste buds and spark conversation.But Beachville Coffee Roasters isn't just about the brew; it's a culinary adventure waiting to unfold. From the delectable Panuzzo, a baked flatbread that pairs perfectly with your morning cup, to the indulgent Coffee Toffee Dessert that promises to satisfy even the most discerning sweet tooth, every dish is crafted with care and creativity, elevating the coffee experience to new heights.Also Read: After Goa Banned Gobi Manchurian, Now Puducherry Bans Cotton Candy; Here’s WhyBringing Double The Brew To Chennai  A post shared by Beachville Coffee Roasters (@beachvillecoffee)With seating for over 60 guests, the cafe boasts ample space for both solitude seekers and social butterflies.  For Divya Jayashankar, the visionary founder behind Beachville Coffee Roasters, this latest endeavour is more than just a business venture. It's a passion project fueled by a love for speciality coffee and a desire to share that passion with the world.Indeed, as Beachville Coffee Roasters takes its next bold step forward, it does so with a steadfast commitment to its twin pillars of quality and education. From the first sip to the last, each visit promises to be an adventure.It's an experience to be savoured, shared, and celebrated.Where: Beachville Coffee Roasters, 11, 19, Khader Nawaz Khan Rd, Srirampuram, Thousand Lights West, Thousand Lights, Chennai, Poombukar Nagar, Tamil NaduWhen: 8 am – 9:45 pmCost: ₹700 (For two)Cover Image Courtesy: Beachville Coffee Roasters/InstagramFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
Step into a world where art transcends the canvas and becomes a living, breathing experience! Nestled within the heart of Chennai's artistic scene lies a hidden gem that promises to transport you into the mesmerising world of Vincent Van Gogh like never before. Welcome to the Van Gogh X Canvas Art Cafe pop-up, a haven for art lovers and food enthusiasts alike.Van Gogh X Canvas Art Cafe Invites You To Taste The Colours  A post shared by Canvas - Art Cafe (@canvas.artcafe)Picture this: as you step into the Express Avenue Mall, you're greeted not only by the vibrant ambiance but also by the promise of an unforgettable journey through the life and works of Van Gogh himself. The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience stands tall as the largest of its kind in India, inviting you to immerse yourself in the grandeur of artistry.But the magic doesn't end there. Enter Canvas - The Art Edit, an exclusive pop-up cafe nestled within this artistic haven, where culinary delights are served with a backdrop of Van Gogh's masterpieces. This is not just any ordinary cafe; it's a symphony of flavours and colours, meticulously curated to complement the artistic atmosphere surrounding it.What sets this cafe apart is its dedication to bringing Van Gogh's vision to life through its offerings. From beverages to quick bites, mains, and desserts, each item on the menu is infused with the essence of Van Gogh's artistry. Imagine sipping on a meticulously crafted coffee while gazing at starry night-themed desserts or indulging in an avocado toastie served on plates adorned with famous paintings—it's a sensory experience like no other.Also Read: These 8 Places Dish Out The Best Pizzas In Delhi, Right From Cheesiest Delights To Thinnest CrustImmersive Experience With A Side Of Delectable Delights  A post shared by Canvas - Art Cafe (@canvas.artcafe)But it's not just about the food; it's about the attention to detail, the passion for art, and the immersive experience that awaits every visitor. The cafe's ambiance, adorned with string lights and dreamy decor, sets the stage for an unforgettable journey through Van Gogh's world.Despite the challenges of being a makeshift cafe, the allure of Canvas Art Cafe remains irresistible. Whether you're a connoisseur of fine art or simply looking for a unique dining experience, this pop-up promises something special for everyone. So, why resist the temptation? Make your way to Express Avenue Mall and lose yourself in the enchanting world of Van Gogh X Canvas Art Cafe. Where: 17, Pattullos Rd, Express Estate, Thousand Lights, ChennaiWhen:  open till March 17th, 2024; 10 am - 10 pmCost: ₹999 Onwards (Van Gogh ticket)Cover Image Courtesy: Canvas Art Cafe/InstagramFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
It's never a bad time to relish some yummy macarons. For every foodie with a sweet tooth, indulging in a feast of flavourful macarons is a beautiful experience. If you also love to gorge on these sweet confections, here's a brand that is known to be one of the best in the business. The famous Le15 Patisserie is now shipping delights and smiles in Delhi, Surat, and more cities in India.Ready To Order Lots Of Macarons?Taking to Instagram, Chef Pooja Dhingra announced the grand news for all the foodies out there.  A post shared by Pooja Dhingra 🗻 (@poojadhingra)Chef Pooja Dhingra, Le15 Patisserie's Founder & CEO, shared the grand news of her brand starting to ship macaron to many cities in different parts of India. After Mumbai, the brand is expanding to differnt places and starting to deliver delightful goodies as well. According to the social media post, Le15 Patisserie is shipping macarons to Ahmedabad, Surat, Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, and Pune.Along with sharing the news of extending deliveries to different cities across India, the Chef also stated the much-awaited news. Well, the loved passionfruit macaron is finally back. Le15 Patisserie's macarons are available to be delivered within 48 to 72 hours all around the country.Before you visit the official website and place the order, let me share about a special offer. The dessert brand has a special preorder price for the customers. You can avail it till January 28. The preorder prices come with a discount and this looks like the best time to place orders for macarons ASAP. From Pooja's Special Macaron Box Of 16 to Eggless Macaron Box of 16, there are so many great options to choose from. So do not wait anymore and place your orders as quickly as possible.Also read: Excusez Moi, These 10 Best French Restaurants In Mumbai Serve More Than Baguettes And MacaronsGet A Free Tote Bag From Le15 Patisserie!  A post shared by Le15 Patisserie (@le15india)Wait! Wait! Wait! The surprises and good news do not end here. Chef Pooja Dhingra also shared how customers can grab a tote bag for free. If you are wondering how to get your hands on this gift, the solution is simple. The first 50 orders are the ones to get beautiful tote bags along with the deliveries of deliciousness and sweet treats.Also read: This Macaroni-Filled Samosa Has Even Swiggy Saying &#8220;Kuch Toh Sharam Karo&#8221;Are you ready to order loads of macarons?Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/ Le15 Patisserie (@le15india), Instagram/ Pooja Dhingra 🗻 (@poojadhingra)For more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
