Over 250 Air India passengers faced a frustrating ordeal in Copenhagen, Denmark after their flight to Delhi was cancelled and they were stranded due to a technical snag. The stranded flyers, including young children and senior citizens, have been stuck in Denmark for two days with limited information and inadequate food options.Air India Passengers Stranded In Denmark[caption id="attachment_645358" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (Representative Image)[/caption]Ashok Mehta, a 64-year-old passenger, recounted the ordeal in a statement to the Times Of India (TOI). He stated how Air India has not given any updates even though they have been stranded for two days now. Mehta and his family were part of a 17-day Scandinavian tour and were scheduled to fly back to Delhi on an 8.45 pm flight on June 30th.However, their plans were disrupted when Air India abruptly cancelled flight AI-158 at 11 pm, citing technical problems with the aircraft. The passengers had already completed their immigration formalities. After the cancellation announcement, they were made to wait another three hours to get clearance to leave the airport. It was a long night, especially for senior citizens, pregnant women, and families with young children. They barely had any food or water during this time. The Danish authorities even held onto their passports until they finally left the airport premises.Also Read: Air India Express Flight Hit By Stair Truck; Grounded At Surat Airport Due To Damaged Left WingHostel-Like Rooms And Food Coupons[caption id="attachment_645361" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (Representative Image)[/caption]The airline reportedly accommodated passengers in "hostel-like rooms," which added to the passengers' woes. Food also presented a major issue for Mehta and his family. Even though Air India provided meal coupons to be used at a nearby mall there weren't any options that catered to dietary restrictions.The disruption was acknowledged by an Air India spokesperson, who offered some clarification on the situation. In a statement to TOI, they said that the Copenhagen team had been working diligently to minimise inconvenience caused to passengers due to the unforeseen circumstances. Hotel accommodation has been provided, and passengers have been offered the choice of a full refund or complimentary rescheduling on a future flight. The announcement of the revised schedule will be made soon.Also Read: Is Air India The Biggest Baggage Loser? Website Made After Lost Luggage Woes Ranks Airlines & Their Baggage HandlingStranded Air India passengers vented their frustration as the airline scrambles to fix things. Communication lags, facilities fall short, and dietary needs were ignored, adding insult to injury for the already inconvenienced travellers.Cover Image Courtesy: @airindia/ Instagram
It has been 4 days since the Indian cricket team lifted the T20 World Cup (WC) at the Kensington Oval in Barbados and it still feels surreal. It has been 4 days since we witnessed our Men In Blue winning an ICC trophy after 11 years, an ICC World Cup after 13 years, and the T20 WC after 17 years. Our boys are returning after weeks of playing spectacular cricket with the biggest highlight, the glorious World Cup!Indian T20 WC Team Boarded Flight From Barbados To Land In Delhi  A post shared by Rohit Sharma (@rohitsharma45)Shakespeare rightly wrote "All's Well That Ends Well" as Indian cricket fans could not have imagined a better end to the drought of lifting an ICC trophy. As a cricket fanatic, the only song playing in my background is "I'm coming home. I'm coming home. Tell the world I'm coming home" after seeing our nation's pride carrying the trophy and flying back to India.According to a report by The Financial Express, the team is returning on a special Air India flight. According to the local time, the plane is scheduled to take off at 4:30 AM. After a long journey, the champions are expected to land in Delhi at 6 AM (IST) tomorrow.  A post shared by shivam dube (@dubeshivam)The Indian T20 WC team was supposed to return home on Sunday. However, the travel plans were postponed because of the hurricane Beryl. The Men in Blue had to extend their stays for the next few days due to the change in weather. Later, the Board of Control for Cricket in India arranged the flight for the cricketers and their families who headed there for the momentous tournament, according to a report by NDTV Sports.Also read: Rohit Sharma Gets Emotional At India’s T20 World Cup Victory, Takes A Bite Of Barbados Grass; Video InsideMore About The Flight & The Long Journey Back Home  A post shared by Mohammed Siraj (@mohammedsirajofficial)The Indian T20 team has been tagged by more people on this trip back to Delhi on a Boeing 777. Their families, the team's support staff, and officials of the cricketing board also boarded the aircraft in Barbados. A team of media personnel visited the host stadiums for the T20 World Cup. They are also coming home on the same Air India flight.  A post shared by Yuzvendra Chahal (@yuzi_chahal23)Also read: From Mumbai&#8217;s Marine Drive To Delhi’s India Gate, Here&#8217;s How India Celebrated The T20 World Cup WinWe are waiting to enjoy all the magnificent celebrations after our boys reach India.Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/ Rohit Sharma (@rohitsharma45), Wikimedia Commons
Did you watch Dunki starring Shah Rukh Khan and Taapsee Pannu? The Bollywood movie grabbed everyone's attention with its interesting storyline and the characters' struggle to cross borders and enter the UK without permission. While the story and characters played by actors were fictional, many people attempt to enter international countries illegally every year IRL. This time, a 24-year-old man was caught posing as a senior and trying to reach the United States from Canada using the Donkey route.A Man From Lucknow Posed As A Senior And Tried To Travel With Fabricated Documents[caption id="attachment_644733" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- CanvaImage for representation[/caption]The shocking episode unravelled to the world after this young man was identified at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi. Identified as Guru Sewak Singh from Lucknow, he was attempting to travel to Canada on June 18. According to a report by NDTV, he tried to impersonate a 67-year-old man at the airport. From outfit to makeup, he did everything for people to not understand his true identity.All these efforts were of no use as Guru was caught and his real identity was revealed at the Delhi airport. He was yearning to reach Canada and collected several forged documents to make his plan successful. He was named Rashwinder Singh Sahota in his fake passport with 438851 number. Also, he was tagged along by a woman at the airport.In the fake passport, his birth date was February 2, 1957. It was around 5:20 PM when the Central Industrial Security Force officials seemed doubtful about this man posing to be a senior citizen and his wife. The couple headed to the immigration counter at Terminal 3 and showed their fabricated documents. They had plans to board an Air Canada flight and land in Canada.Also read: What Is The Donkey Route On Which Shah Rukh Khan’s Dunki Is Based?From Canada To The US...[caption id="attachment_644734" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- CanvaImage for representation[/caption]Guru and his wife planned to reach Canada and then follow the strenuous Donkey route to travel to the US. The authorities became suspicious seeing the 24-year-old and hearing his voice. Though he pretended to be a senior citizen, his behaviour, appearance, and voice could not convince everyone to believe this forgery. Soon, the Central Industrial Security Force officials at the Delhi airport began an investigation and discovered the truth.They came across another passport on Guru's mobile. It was his actual passport and it mentioned that he was born on June 10, 2000. The couple revealed about Jaggi, a travel agent who helped them to execute this plan. This agent took about ₹30 lakh in advance for their journey. The overall charge was ₹60 lakh.Also read: Canada Is All Set To Welcome Its First FREE Grocery Store &#038; Here’s Everything You Need To Know About ItDelhi Police arrested them for this illegal journey. Also, an inspection has started to find more information about Jaggi and how he facilitates such illegal services.Cover Image Courtesy: CanvaImage for representation
The tragic news of a portion of Delhi Airport Terminal 1 roof collapsing leading to the death of one individual and injuring eight others, shocked all. The concerned authorities decided to halt flight operations here following the disheartening mishap. Now, the question arises when will flight services resume at this terminal? To know about its plans, read on.The Detailed Technical Study At T1 Is In ProgressAkshay Narisetti (@AkshayNarisetti) shared pictures of the tragic accident at T1.These are horrendous scenes coming out of the Delhi Airport Terminal 1 Roof CollapseAlmost everyone I notice these days in India are in a race to make quick money, legal, illegal, somehow, somewhere, every time. They are okay to compromise on quality, quantity and lives.Our… pic.twitter.com/7TMIdyJgDA— Akshay Narisetti (@AkshayNarisetti) June 28, 2024The rain-triggered accident wreaked havoc at T1. Presently, a few of the biggest priorities are to work on reconstructing the roof and ensuring the safety of visitors. At least a month is required for the detailed technical study of Delhi Airport Terminal 1, according to a report by Hindustan Times. At the moment, the study is underway. The duration to restart flight operations here will only be decided following the report and its findings.Indian Institute of Technology Delhi engineers have the major responsibility to look to survey the situation and evaluate the sudden collapse of a portion of the roof. The ongoing evaluation by authorities is crucially necessary after the tragic accident at Delhi Airport T1. As the operations have been paused, flights supposed to take off and depart from Terminal 1 have been allocated to Terminals 2 and 3 of the airport.T1 has mostly been used to facilitate domestic flight services, especially by airlines such as IndiGo and SpiceJet. The busy terminal is temporarily suspended. The doors will only open for arrivals and departures once the issues are resolved.Also read: After Delhi Airport&#8217;s Roof Collapse, Jabalpur &#038; Rajkot Airports Face The Same Fate; All About The 3 MishapsIt Is Likely To Take A Few MonthsJanak jakhar (@JakharJanak) took to X to share images of the scary incident.#DelhiAirport🚨Breaking-Hard to digest but this much strong our capital city infrastructure 🧐-Nobody knows,If a part of a Flyover, Roof or even road you are driving can cave in anytime.-A roof collapsed at IGI Terminal 1 of Delhi airport resulted in one death & five… pic.twitter.com/tZDSNZyp4w— Janak jakhar (@JakharJanak) June 28, 2024According to a report by ABP LIVE, all the steps needed for the resumption of flight services might take a few months. Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL) shared information about the ongoing steps taken by authorities for T1. The cross-functional teams will keep a close watch on any updates. Also, these teams are in conversation with stakeholders to focus on ensuring enhanced passenger safety.SpiceJet flights scheduled to arrive and depart from Delhi will land and take off from Terminal 3, from July 1 to July 7. IndiGo flights have been shifted to Terminals 2 and 3.Also read: Roof Collapses At Delhi Airport Terminal 1 Amid Heavy Rainfall; 1 Casualty Reported &#038; Flight Operations AffectedThe frightening accident killed one person and injured a few people. Following the horrifying episode reported at the airport premises, Terminal 1 has been shut down.Cover Image Courtesy: X/ Akshay Narisetti (@AkshayNarisetti)
A series of shocking incidents are bringing to light the concerning state of airport infrastructure in India. On Friday, a portion of the Terminal 1 roof of Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA) collapsed when the city was hit with heavy rains. The canopy-like roof fell on cars including taxis and killed one person and injured eight. And now in a span of just three days, portions of canopies of Jabalpur Airport in Madhya Pradesh and Rajkot Airport in Gujarat met with the same fate.Jabalpur & Rajkot Airport's Canopy-Roofs CollapseAs per a report by The Economic Times, a portion of the roof canopy of Dumna Airport's newly expanded terminal in Jabalpur gave way to heavy rains. The roof collapsed on a government official's car at around 11:30 am. This happened shortly after the government official and his chauffeur alighted from the vehicle. The roof collapsed after it was weighed down by large quantities of rainwater.This is real scene from Jabalpur airport@aaijbpairport @AAI_Official pic.twitter.com/HX8O2chRny— Ravi Tiwari (@Ravi_ballia) June 27, 2024In the third incident in just a span of three days, a Rajkot Airport's canopy collapsed at the passenger pickup and drop area. As per preliminary information, there were no reports of injuries or casualties. According to a report by LiveMint, the canopy broke while workers were carrying out maintenance work to remove accumulated water.#BreakingNews 🚨⚡After Jabalpur & Delhi, now Rajkot airport roof also collapsed after rainfall. Though everyone is busy in #T20WorldCup2024Third airport collapse in 3 days 😢What kind of #Panauti is it? pic.twitter.com/Tx6iEm8Btq pic.twitter.com/8y1sUQJ8ov— Gulshan Katiyar (@GulshanKatiyar) June 29, 2024Civil Aviation Minister Ram Mohan Naidu Announces Airport InspectionTo mitigate such airport disasters, Union Civil Aviation Minister Ram Mohan Naidu Kinjarapu has announced a structural preliminary inspection of all airports across the country. Within a time frame of two to five days, the minister has demanded reports from all airports.The Delhi Airport canopy collapse led to the death of a 45-year-old cab driver and injured eight others. He informed that the deceased's family had been given compensation. And the people injured due to the canopy accident are receiving treatment at the hospital. Also, the minister has set up a war room to ensure refunds are provided to affected passengers. Airlines have received instructions not to increase fare prices following this incident.यह नाला या झरना नहीं, दिल्ली एयरपोर्ट के टर्मिनल 1 का हाल हैं। #DelhiAirport pic.twitter.com/xuXitgXiYv— Hansraj Meena (@HansrajMeena) June 28, 2024Meanwhile, we hope such incidents are avoided in the near future and the government takes strict actions to prevent them.Cover Image Courtesy: @GulshanKatiyar and @Ravi_ballia/ X
An Air India Express flight flying from Delhi to Bengaluru via Surat was grounded due to a concerning and unexpected reason. The truck carrying the stairs to be attached to the flight to help passengers board in Surat hit the left wing accidentally. As a result, the flight was grounded at Surat Airport. Read on to know more about it.Stair Truck Crashes Into Air India Express Flight At Surat AirportAs per a report by Desh Gujarat, this incident happened around 8:30 pm on June 29. Airport sources revealed to the publication that the Air India Express flight arrived from Delhi at Surat Airport. It was about to board passengers from Surat and a stair truck was being moved towards the aircraft. The stair truck was moving towards the gate from behind the flight when it accidentally hit the left wing of the plane at around 9 pm.[caption id="attachment_643166" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Canva Pro ( representative pic)[/caption]This accident damaged the plane's left wing. Passengers onboard were alarmed and gravely concerned due to the accident. Airport officials and on-ground staff rushed to the scene to manage the situation. The Air India Express flight was carrying 46 passengers from Delhi to Bengaluru with an additional 122 passengers going to board from Surat.Also Read: Passenger Slams Air India For Delayed Bengaluru-Pune Flight & Dirty Seats; Airline RespondsFlight Grounded, Later CancelledHowever, post the flight's minor accident with the truck carrying the ladder, it was grounded at Surat Airport. Unfortunately, this accident inconvenienced all passengers involved. Initially, it was grounded but later cancelled. This was because, on inspection, the authorities found it unfit for its journey to Bengaluru. Fortunately, no passengers were harmed due to the accident.[caption id="attachment_643167" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Wikimedia Commons[/caption]Also Read: Air India Express Announces Operations From Hindon Airport, Ghaziabad; Becomes 1st Airline To Operate From 2 NCR AirportsThe 46 passengers who boarded the flight from Delhi were accommodated in a hotel for a night's stay in Surat. Those who needed to board the plane from Surat were told to wait until further instructions were given. S C Bhalse, Surat Airport director stated to The Indian Express that they have come across information about the Delhi-Surat-Bengaluru Air India Express flight that it has suffered some problems.The stair truck hit the wing on the backside. Furthermore, S C Bhalse said that repair work was in progress till Saturday and no casualties have been reported so far.Well, what do you think about this incident a stair truck hitting a flight's left wing?Cover Image Courtesy: Wikimedia Commons 
It was just about a few days back when Delhiites were hoping to receive rain. The summer season has not been the easiest this year, especially in places like Delhi where the temperature has risen horribly. It has been two days since the capital city started receiving massive downpours. Unfortunately, rainfall wreaked havoc at the Indira Gandhi International Airport, impacting its operations. The present conditions look unpleasant with airlines like SpiceJet and IndiGo cancelling flights at Delhi Airport T1.Airlines Issued Traffic Advisory For Delhi Airport T1Heavy rainfall reported yesterday and midnight hammered Delhi horribly. Due to several unforeseen circumstances, a major chaos erupted at Delhi airport. Many flights have been delayed with some being cancelled as well. Departures and arrivals were suspended temporarily at Terminal 1.Janak jakhar (@JakharJanak) shared information about the recent accident at the airport.#DelhiAirport🚨Breaking-Hard to digest but this much strong our capital city infrastructure 🧐-Nobody knows,If a part of a Flyover, Roof or even road you are driving can cave in anytime.-A roof collapsed at IGI Terminal 1 of Delhi airport resulted in one death & five… pic.twitter.com/tZDSNZyp4w— Janak jakhar (@JakharJanak) June 28, 2024The worst news we came across this morning is about the loss of life after a portion of Delhi airport's roof collapsed. The tragic incident occurred at the Terminal 1 early morning. About 6 people present there sustained injuries too.#6ETravelAdvisory - Due to heavy rains, #DelhiAirport is partially closed, and all flights to/from Terminal 1 stand cancelled. For alternate flight options or a full refund, please visit https://t.co/6643rYe4I7. We'll continue to keep you updated.— IndiGo (@IndiGo6E) June 28, 2024IndiGo released an advisory at 6:46 AM today and stated the news of Delhi airport being partially closed because of heavy downpours.All our scheduled flights from T1 and T2 in #Delhi are currently operating as planned. However, due to the unforeseen situation at T1 this morning, flights across the network are impacted.Please keep a tab on your flight status https://t.co/rpnOvAP5FT ✈️ ~Suhavi— IndiGo (@IndiGo6E) June 28, 2024Just a few hours later, the airline responded to an X post stating that scheduled flights from Terminals 1 and 2 are operational. The roof-collapsing incident has disrupted the schedule across the network.🚨 Important Update: Due to bad weather (heavy rains), SpiceJet flights have been cancelled as Terminal 1 of Delhi Airport will remain partially closed for operations until further notice. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your understanding. Please contact us at…— SpiceJet (@flyspicejet) June 28, 2024Following the accident at T1, SpiceJet posted about flight cancellations. The operations have been paused until further notice.Updated Advisory: All affected SpiceJet flights departing from Terminal 1 are being re-accommodated to Terminal 3. Necessary information has been communicated to all the passengers via SMS/Email. Due to heavy traffic congestion enroute Delhi Airport, all passengers are requested…— SpiceJet (@flyspicejet) June 28, 2024The airline later released a travel advisory stating that affected flights from T1 have been accommodated to T3.Update at 1030 hours@flyspicejet @IndiGo6E pic.twitter.com/5YoZPlkBhv— Delhi Airport (@DelhiAirport) June 28, 2024Delhi Airport posted that IndiGo flights scheduled for arrival and departure at T1 have been allocated between T2 and T3. SpiceJet flights from T1 are operating at T3.Also read: Heavy Rainfall Lashes Delhi; From Waterlogged Roads To Collapsed Airport Roof, Residents Face Harsh TimeMany Streets Are SubmergedSumit Jatav (@sumitjtv) shared a video of an affected place submerged in water. From vehicles waiting for hours in traffic congestion to waterlogging affecting regular transportation, commuters had a tough time travelling on this busy Friday morning.ये हाल देश की राजधानी का हैया तो पानी नहीं है … या फिर पानी ही पानी है 😅#DelhiRain pic.twitter.com/XIjCQKyvxt— Sumit Jatav (@sumitjtv) June 28, 2024Though the change in weather brought a much-needed respite from the unbearable heat, flood-like situations in low-lying areas and submerged roads are triggering terrible conditions presently.A few of the biggest problems currently are inundated roads, major traffic congestion, and many areas without electricity. According to a report by India Today, some of the waterlogged areas in the capital city are Anand Vihar, Bhikaji Cama Place, Dhaula Kuan, Mehrauli Badarpur Road, Moolchand, Moti Bagh, Munirka, Pragati Maidan, and Teen Murti Marg. A few sectors in Noida have also faced severe waterlogging issues. Traffic congestion is a humongous problem at the moment.Also read: Roof Collapses At Delhi Airport Terminal 1 Amid Heavy Rainfall; 1 Casualty Reported &#038; Flight Operations AffectedIf you plan to board a flight from Delhi airport today, remain updated about the flight status before heading there. Also, keep extra time in hand as road congestion is a big issue right now.Cover Image Courtesy: Wikimedia Commons, X/ SpiceJet (@flyspicejet) 
Imagine returning from work after a tiring hot day and heading straight to the fridge to drink an entire bottle of chilled water! A cooling and refreshing feeling, right? Well, Delhiites are now enjoying similar experiences as several parts of Delhi and neighbouring areas were lashed with incessant heavy rainfall. Residents can finally feel the much-needed respite from the scorching heat reported in the last few weeks. But is the relief worthwhile?Commuters Are Having A Cry-Day Post Heavy Rainfall In DelhiNetizens have flooded social media with snippets of downpours wreaking havoc in the national capital. From waterlogged roads to traffic congestion, commuters are facing a horrible time in reaching their destinations on Friday morning.ये हाल देश की राजधानी का हैया तो पानी नहीं है … या फिर पानी ही पानी है 😅#DelhiRain pic.twitter.com/XIjCQKyvxt— Sumit Jatav (@sumitjtv) June 28, 2024Delhi-NCR is likely to receive more rainfall on Friday. The present conditions post rainfall look quite grim in many places. According to a report by News18, the Weather Office issued an orange alert in the capital city.Delhi: Heavy rain lashes parts of National Capital.(Location - Lodhi Road) https://t.co/whfmTsFUrz pic.twitter.com/H7xm2Em2t7— Rakesh Kumar (@RiCkY_847) June 28, 2024Delhi Traffic Police has issued an advisory to alert people about waterlogged roads in the city.Traffic AlertTraffic is affected on W-Point Tilak Bridge road in both the carriageways from A-Point to W-Point and vice-versa due to waterlogging below Tilak Bridge W-point. Kindly plan your journey accordingly. pic.twitter.com/qA4u6dEPZL— Delhi Traffic Police (@dtptraffic) June 28, 2024Rainwater has affected traffic "on the W-Point Tilak Bridge road in both the carriageways from A-Point to W-Point and vice-versa." Waterlogging below the Tilak Bridge W-point is a major reason causing this problem.This is Palam Metro Station for you after the first rain of the Monsoon!#delhirain pic.twitter.com/mQTnmB2moM— Kaju Katli (@vibing_scent) June 28, 20243 घंटे से ज्यादा से फसे हुए है लोग@dtptraffic @DelhiPolice #delhirainलाजपत नगर रिंग रोड pic.twitter.com/7CUXVJQTSQ— Brajesh Sharma (7XWT) (@arpbks) June 28, 2024Roads are badly congested with vehicles and commuters waiting to reach their offices, colleges, and other destinations. According to multiple social media posts, people have been stuck on the same roads for hours.Got stuck in water logging near Palam Metro Station while going towards office ⛈️🚨Even my Off Roading bike #xpulse is struggling here 😑Not a Friday, its Cryday for Delhi commuters 📍#delhirain #DelhiRains #monsoon #waterlogging pic.twitter.com/D283BuY8MH— Shubham Sachdeva (@shubdeva) June 28, 2024From two-wheelers to cars, everyone is facing similar issues because of traffic jams all around.Also read: From Heavy Rains In Delhi To Downpour In Goa, Rainfall Updates Across India, You Need To KnowAirport Roof CollapsedInspecting the T1 Terminal and reviewing with the officials.All required rescue operations are being conducted at the terminal pic.twitter.com/6ck4ce39RY— Ram Mohan Naidu Kinjarapu (@RamMNK) June 28, 2024Rainfall wreaked havoc all around Delhi. A portion of Indira Gandhi International Airport's roof fell due to incessant downpours. The roof collapse was reported at the Terminal 1. The collapsed part fell on cars parked at the spot. The tragic incident killed one and injured more than five people. Rescue operations were conducted at the earliest.Delhi में हुआ पहली बारिश का ये हाल @PMOIndia @ArvindKejriwal @BJP4India @RahulGandhi #DelhiNews #DelhiNCR #Rain #rainyday pic.twitter.com/GdalvFbbH4— ÃÑÜJ PÃTÊL (@AnujPatel4818) June 28, 2024The monsoon season is expected to arrive shortly, probably in the next couple of days. Though the news is a relief, it also raises concerns about submerged areas and people facing more issues.Delhi poshest neighborhood Asian Games village also suffering.... from the record rain !#delhirain pic.twitter.com/u3JbGe2EGb— Alok Jain ⚡ (@WeekendInvestng) June 28, 2024Also read: Switzerland: Heavy Rainfall Causes Floods &#038; Landslides; Temporarily Disrupts Rail Services In Zermatt.@MCD_Delhi Urgent attention required here at Defence Colony where the drains are clearly blocked and the rain has caused flooding heavier than I have seen in the last 12 years. pic.twitter.com/88kFtFq2hY— Vinayak Pande (@VinayakPande) June 28, 2024Thank you Arvind Kejriwal For this. 🤡#delhirainpic.twitter.com/NHycqIigzA— Kartik 😼🇮🇳🚩 (@_Muffin_Men) June 28, 2024If you have plans to visit anywhere in Delhi, gather all the necessary information and plan a proper journey before heading to the destination. Stay safe!Cover Image Courtesy: X/ Alok Jain ⚡ (@WeekendInvestng), X/ Sumit Jatav (@sumitjtv)
Folks of Noida and Greater Noida, we have great news for you. Soon, you will be able to bid adieu to the long journey to reach the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi. To make this plan a major success, the Aqua Line Metro corridor of the Noida Metro will be extended, making it easier to travel to the airport and different places in the capital city. To know more about this crucial project, read on.Aqua Line Of Noida Metro Corridor To Get Extended[caption id="attachment_641358" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- Wikimedia Commons[/caption]On Tuesday, the Uttar Pradesh Cabinet approved the Detailed Project Report (DPR) of the proposal for this significant extension. Soon, the Aqua Line Metro corridor will be expanded and elongated by an 11.5 km corridor extension. According to a report by The Economic Times, this metro line will begin from Sector 142 and continue to Noida's Botanical Garden.The augmentation of this project will play a major impact in providing ease and more convenient operations. According to a report by The Indian Express, this plan will contribute to directly connecting Terminal 1 of Delhi Airport through the Delhi Metro Magenta Line. Also, there will be direct links to the New Delhi Railway Station by the Blue Line. Once the Aqua Line gets extended and metro operations commence on this route, it will be easier for commuters to travel from Noida, Greater Noida, and Yamuna Expressways.[caption id="attachment_641360" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- Canva[/caption]One of the biggest reasons behind the extension is the need for regular, well-organised, and convenient transportation facilities. Lakhs of daily commuters need these options to reach their destinations faster. The Noida Metro Rail Corporation shared the significance of the project. With the approved proposal of extending the metro corridor, the department will focus on working to meet passengers' demands and also connecting an array of places.Also read: Just In: Drones, Laser Beams Banned Near Delhi Airport, Sec 144 Imposed Till This Date; Here&#8217;s WhyHere's About The Metro Stations[caption id="attachment_641359" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- Wikimedia Commons[/caption]This Noida metro extension project will have a total of eight stations. The stations will be at:Botanical GardenSector 44Noida Authority Office Sector 96Sector 97Sector 105Sector 108Sector 93Panchsheel Balak Inter CollegeThe estimated budget for the Noida Metro Aqua Line extension project is ₹2,254 crore.Also read: Delhi Airport Witnesses Diversion Of 15 Flights After Heavy Rainfall Strikes Delhi NCROnce operational, this project is expected to transform passengers' regular travel experiences.Cover Image Courtesy: Wikimedia Commons
On Saturday, June 22, the Union Home Minister Amit Shah, launched a special programme. We are talking about the Fast Track Immigration-Trusted Traveller Programme, which is going to make the immigration process so much easier. It is especially perfect for pre-verified international and Overseas Citizens of India cardholders. As a result, it’s going to fast-track the process of the documentation, as they arrive at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi.Fast Track Immigration-Trusted Traveller Programme Introduced At IGIToday, Hon’ble Home Minister Shri @AmitShah inaugurated India’s first Fast Track Immigration-Trusted Traveller Programme at #DelhiAirport.@MEAIndia @PMOIndia @MoCA_GoI @RamMNK @HMOIndia pic.twitter.com/G2q2jNoXu2— Delhi Airport (@DelhiAirport) June 22, 2024Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi became the first Indian airport to launch the Fast Track Immigration-Trusted Traveller Programme. A visionary initiative of the government, this program is going to make the immigration process of Pre-verified International and Overseas Citizens of India quicker. A process that has been thoughtfully designed for them, it is quite similar to the Global Entry Program, offered by the United States of America. In case you’re wondering, this program offers expedited clearances for low-risk travellers who are pre-approved when they arrive at select US airports.The Initiative To Be Launched At 21 Other AirportsLaunched the Fast Track Immigration-Trusted Traveller Program today. It is a groundbreaking initiative meticulously designed for Indian nationals and Overseas Citizen of India cardholders to make their travels more seamless, faster, and secure. Our government is committed to… pic.twitter.com/eqkCUDBfbP— Amit Shah (@AmitShah) June 22, 2024In a report by the Financial Express, it was mentioned that it is one of the key agendas for the Vikasit Bharat by 2047, it reflects the government’s commitment to enhancing travel convenience. Not to mention, the home minister also said that this facility will be free of cost for all passengers. In fact, soon the FTI-TTP will be Launched at other 21 airports in the country. Along with Delhi airport, soon it will be launched in seven other major airports including – Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata, Kochi, and Ahmedabad, in the first phase.An initiative for faster, smoother, and safer immigration clearance, this program is going to allow eligible passengers to utilise the gates and bypass regular immigration queues. However, they will need to apply online and submit their biometrics. Yes, this includes fingerprints and facial images, besides other required information. The information will be specified in the application form. Not to mention, this FTI registration will be valid for a maximum period of five years or until the validity of the passport, whichever expires first.Also Read: Cracks Spotted On Mumbai’s Atal Setu; MMRDA Clarifies That Cracks Are On Approach Road & Not The BridgeHow To Apply?[caption id="attachment_430085" align="alignnone" width="770"] Pic Credits: Canva[/caption]So if you know someone who would want to apply for this program, they can do so on the government website And provide their required details. This will then be verified by the Bureau of Immigration. After their information is verified, approved applications will receive a message for the scheduling of their appointment to provide the biometric details. Thereafter, applicants will be expected to provide their biometrics at designated international airports in India or the nearest Foreigners Regional Registration Office. It’s worth noting that biometrics is compulsory for the application processing. Not to mention, the applicants must ensure that their passport has a minimum validity of six months when they apply for this programme.As the programme is to be implemented in two phases, the first one includes Indian citizens and OCI card holders while the second one will be extended to foreign travellers.Cover Image Courtesy: Canva & X/AmitShah
