Kolkata, are you ready to watch Sunil Chhetri play his last match before retirement? June in Kolkata is all about football, cricket, music and the list goes on. Not to forget about the extravagant Bengali tradition of celebrating Jamai Shosti this month! In between the occasional rains, pretty skies and constant urge to munch on jhal muri, we have curated a perfect list of upcoming events in Kolkata in June. Share it with your friends and family and book tickets accordingly, before the event sells out.7 Upcoming Events In Kolkata For June1. India V/S Kuwait FIFA World Cup Qualifier Live  A post shared by FIFA World Cup (@fifaworldcup)Kolkata means there are going to be crazy football fans in every friend circle! Calling out to those crazy football fans, get your adrenaline pumping by booking your seat at for the FIFA World Cup Qualifier match today. The teams are none other than India and Kuwait. Sunil Chhetri will play his last international match here. You are lucky if you get to watch it live!Date: Jun 6Timings: 7 PM onwardsWhere: Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan Stadium, Salt LakeTickets: ₹100/person onwards2. DIVINE Time Tour  A post shared by DIVINE (@vivianakadivine)Get ready to groove to the electrifying songs of DIVINE in the heart of Kolkata, this June! He is set to perform some of his chart-topping hits like Baazigar, Azadi, Chorni (a song ft Sidhu Moose Wala) and many more. Put on your party shoes as this evening is going to be extra divine amongst the presence of real DIVINE at JW Marriott.Date: Jun 8Timings: 8 PM onwardsWhere: JW Marriott Hotel, JBS Haldane Ave, TangraTickets: ₹999/person onwards3. Go Cosmo  A post shared by ORCHIDS The International School (@orchids_international_schools)Are you ready to go? Is it a yes or a no? It should be a yes as Go Cosmo’s will teleport to the ethereal skies of our universe. Astronomy buffs in Kolkata, this event in June is perfect for you to engage in in-depth conversations about the cosmos. Enjoy the astronomy labs and extra-terrestrial activities related to it. Make your own comets, weigh yourself on various planets, snap a couple of pictures with alien robots and attempt to lift Thor’s hammer, Mjölnir. Where are the Marvel fans?Date: Jun 7 -9Timings: 4 PM onwardsWhere: Orchids The International School, MadhyamgramTickets: ₹49/person onwards4. T20 World Cup India V/S Pakistan Screening  A post shared by ICC (@icc)Cricket fans of Kolkata, we couldn't leave you behind! The IPL fever is over but when it comes to India v/s Pakistan, everyone is watching. Prepare yourself by ordering your favourite drinks along with snackable items from the menu at Five Mad Men and enjoy a grand showdown between IND and PAK in the T20 World Cup 2024. We just know it is going to be EPIC!Date: Jun 9Timings: 8 PM onwardsWhere:  Five Mad Men (5MM), Omega Building, Sector V, BidhannagarTickets: ₹750/person onwardsAlso Read: From ICC World Cup Fanpark To Cocktail Festival, Top 7 Upcoming Events In Delhi-NCR For June5. The Park’s Jamai Sashti Celebration  A post shared by The Bridge At The Park (@thebridge_thepark)Bengalis are forever steeped in tradition and culture and jamai shoshti is coming up. Jamai shoshti is regarded as an auspicious day among Bengalis. It is a day when the son-in-law, jamai in Bengali, gets pampered and spoilt with a lavish feast, love and care. Enjoy an impressive buffet consisting of Bel er Shorbot, Kathal Chingri, Kosha Mangsho, Chital Jolbhora Kalia, Mango Gulab Jamun and the list goes on. Uff ki shaad!Date: Jun 12Timings: 12:30 PM onwardsWhere: The Park Hotel, Park St, TaltalaTickets: ₹1,800/person onwards6. The Caldera Beer Festival  A post shared by Soham Sinha | Kolkata Blogger (@kolkatadelites)Kolkata’s Le Coffee Creme has an ongoing beer festival for the entire month of June! Beer lovers, this is your chance to grab tall glasses of beer after office hours at affordable prices starting at ₹99 only! They have local and international brands of alcohol, so be free to order your favourite one. Tag your friends and head over here soon!Date: Jun 1 - 30Timings:  PM onwardsWhere: Le Coffee Creme, Russel St, Park Street areaTickets: ₹99/person onwards7. Sourendro-Soumyojit’s World Music Day 2024  A post shared by Sourendro Soumyojit (@sourendrosoumyojit)This musical event in Kolkata brings together music lovers from all over the world to appreciate and vibe to classic songs. This time, it is the 14th instalment of Sourendro-Soumyojit’s World Music Day concert and musicians from different genres of music will deliver an exclusive and unforgettable show. Surprise your mom and dad with tickets to this event in Kolkata as Shankar Mahadevan, Vishal Bharadwaj, Leslee Lewis, Ustad Amjad Ali Khan, Papon, Rekha Bharadwaj, Amrita Pritam and many more will grace the crowd.Date: Jun 21Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: Netaji Indoor Stadium, Kolkata Police Safe House, Eden Gardens, Strand Rd, Maidan, B.B.D. BaghTickets: ₹499/person onwardsAlso Read: This May, Get Ready To Groove To The Wanted & Shreya Ghoshal, 7 Exciting Events In BangaloreFor tickets, head over to the websites of Bookmyshow and Paytm Insider.Happy June!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/chetri_sunil11 and thebridge_thepark
Korbo lorbo jeetbo re karte karte KKR made it to the top list of IPL 2024 and we are not complaining a bit! This month in Kolkata is brimming with super exciting events and we cannot wait to share it with you. From Shah Rukh Khan fans to Talyor Swift fans, everyone is going to be euphoric. Come with us and book your calendars for excellent weekend plans with your favourite artists. Don't forget to tag along your besties for these top upcoming events in the City of Joy.Do Not Miss These 7 Best Events In Kolkata For May1. Breakfast Cruise With Vivada Cruises  A post shared by Vivada Cruise (@vivadacruise)Imagine it is early in the morning and you get to enjoy a tranquil cruise on the strong waves of majestic Gangas, relish a scrumptious breakfast and visit the Belur Math. Vivada Cruises is making it all happen for the entire month of May! It is a three-hour breakfast cruise where you will sail away in either M.V. Millennium or M.V. Ahalya with immaculate views. You may have a superb family time and kids below the age of three are complimentary! Date: May 1-31When: 8:30 AM onwardsWhere: Vivada Cruise, Strand Rd, Fairley Place, B.B.D. BaghCost: ₹1733/person onwards2. BESWERDA  A post shared by beswerda (@beswerda)Rave alert to all the Kolkata folks, this event is going to rock your techno-loving hearts! Get ready to dance your heart out to the electrifying beats by Beswerda, CMYK Kunal G b2b Deva and Vikrant. If these are your go-to techno artists, then you have to book your tickets soon. Share this with your rave party lovers and have a crazy night.Date: May 10When: 10 PM onwardsWhere: HASHTAG KOLKATA, Chowringee Rd, ElginCost: ₹1000/person3. Kolkata Knight Riders v/s Mumbai Indians Live  A post shared by Kolkata Knight Riders (@kkriders)Wanting to watch KKR and MI in action, well aren't you lucky? There is a match coming up at the Eden Gardens where you can chant the incredibly catchy theme song of Kolkata Knight Riders, don the iconic purple jersey and erupt with joy when KKR hits a 6 if you are a KKR supporter! No shade to Mumbai Indians, if you support them then wear their jersey and unfurl the flag when MI hits a sixer. P.S. You might get to see the King Khan in the stands!Date: May 11When: 7:30 PM onwardsWhere: Eden Garden, Maidan, B.B.D. Bagh, Eden Garden RoadCost: ₹750/person onwards4. Taylor Swift’s Eras Night (Tribute Edition)  A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)Calling out to all the Swifties of Kolkata! Here is your chance to scream out loud the notable songs of Miss Taylor Swift. We all know she did not make it to India for her legendary The Eras Tour but all the videos on the Internet from this tour is just fabulous! Die-hard Swifties, this is your time to bejewel(ed) and shake it off to her tunes and fulfil your dream of attending Taylor’s concert on a budget until the queen herself enters our homeland.Date: May 11When: 3 PM onwardsWhere: Park Street SocialCost: ₹299/person onwardsAlso Read: This May, Get Ready To Groove To The Wanted & Shreya Ghoshal, 7 Exciting Events In Bangalore5. Pink 10K Challenge  A post shared by Cellula Pink Marathon (@cellulapinkmarathon)If running is your go-to workout or you just simply love to run and release your happy hormones, then this event in Kolkata is perfect for you. This is a charitable event which will support many charity groups that operate towards women’s safety, health and education. To honour and praise the spirit of womanhood, anyone can partake in this 10K run. Get your running shoes ready and help to spread awareness about women’s plight.Date: May 19When: 6 AM onwardsWhere: To be announcedCost: ₹799/person onwards6. Let's Make Films: Summer Camp  A post shared by Footprint Film Festival (@footprint_film_festival)Cinephiles of Kolkata, we have a great opportunity for you! For this summer vacation, enrol yourself for an exhilarating filmmaking course, if you are in the age group of 13 to 24 years. If the creative process of storytelling from films is your niche then join this incredible summer camp with FootPrint @ The Peninsula Studios and Kolkata Centre for Creativity. Here you will gain the knowledge to produce exceptional cinematic works including scriptwriting, camera operation, audio recording, editing and so much more. So, what are you waiting for?Date: May 20-30, except 26th MayWhen: 3:30 PM onwardsWhere: Kolkata Centre for Creativity, Dipak Road, Eastern Metropolitan Bypass, Anandapur, Adarsha NagarCost: ₹7000/person onwards7. Udaan  A post shared by Mehtab Ali Niazi (@mehtabaliniazi)If you or your parents are into classical music, then head over to this event in Kolkata. It is a Youth Classical Music Festival performed by young and popular maestros. They are Mehtab Ali Niazi with Debjit Patitundi, Yashwant Vaishnav with Akash Jalmi and Amaan Hussain and lastly, Indrayuddh Majumder with Ishaan Ghosh. They are known as the young stars of Raga music and we wouldn't want you to miss this great concert.Date: May 25When: 5:30 PM onwardsWhere: GD Birla SabhagharCost: ₹99/personAlso Read: From Wine Tasting To Haunted Heritage Walk, 8 Exciting Events To Look For In Delhi This MonthTickets are available on Bookmyshow, Sort My Scene and Paytm Insider before they sell out.Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/taylorswift and kkriders
It is time to greet Bengalis with Subho Nobobarsho as it is the Bengali New Year. It is the first day on the Bengali calendar which mostly coincides with April 14 or 15 for Indian Bengalis. On this auspicious day, Bengalis wear new clothes, seek blessings from the Supreme and elders, have a lavish feast including the delish iilish maach (Hilsa fish) and embark on new beginnings. Bengalis of India always have one thing in their household, that trademark pink coloured book. It is the Bengali almanac called Panjika.The Significance Of Panjika Linked To Poila Boishakh, Bengali New YearEarly 20th century Chitpore Woodcut Print of celebrating Poila Boishakh. The Bengali New Year. Wish a happy 1429 of Bengali New Year. pic.twitter.com/LBZLoSjQvl— Devasis Chattopadhyay ( Devasis ) (@DevasisC) April 14, 2022With the auspicious beginnings for Bengalis, Poila Boishakh has always been linked to Panjika. It is a Gupta Press publication that has been renewed for releasing Gupta Press Panjika for more than 150 years. It is a book that is a handbook for Bengalis to take note of auspicious timings like the change of seasons, rituals, calendar and more. The content of the book gets revised because it is prepared following the stars twinkling above, which means astrology. Hence Panjika is the Bengali astronomical almanac.Tomorrow is Bengali New Year Day (Poila Boishakh 1428 Bongabdo) Bengali people celebrate Poila Boishakh with“Panta Ilish” ( Water soaked rice and Hilsha 🐠)and varieties of Bhorta in soil made plates. Torkari Jimbocho main store will serve “Panta Bhat in “Poila Boishakh Set”. pic.twitter.com/zbNEjsxnhG— ベンガル料理のトルカリ 神保町本店 (@TORKARIcurry) April 13, 2021The Gregorian calendar on the Bengali almanac says that this Poila Boishakh is the year 1430. It is said that it existed during the reign of Mughal emperor Akbar! It is said to be a combination of the Islamic calendar and an ancient Sanskrit astronomical work. Back in the day, it was devised for tax collection and it was aligned with the season of harvest in Bengal as agriculture was the main occupation in West Bengal.Also Read: Mouni Roy Talks About Bengalis' Habit Of Drinking Chai With Biscuits, Sandesh & MoreEvery Poila Boishakh, Bengalis rush to their nearby Bengali bookstore or religious store to get a copy of Panjika so that they can plan their year in terms of religious matters. Now you are aware of why it is linked to Bengali New Year.The Upgradation of This Book With Modern Timeশুভ নববর্ষ।Greetings on Poila Boishakh, Bengali New Year.May this New Year usher in a new dawn, new hope, peace, joy and happiness. #BengaliNewYear #PoilaBoishakh pic.twitter.com/OOFqfJ5MmZ— Ashish_Baraiya (@i__am_ashish_) April 15, 2021This digital world doesn't have time to hold a book, it needs e-books. To keep up with the technology upgrade, Gupta Press has introduced a PDF version of Panjika. They also have CDs and DVDs for the same. At the end of the day, reading a book by flipping its pages is the real deal and if you want a pocket-friendly version, they got it.Also Read: From Usha Uthup Live To Polo Floatel Kolkata’s Poila Baisakh, Catch 6 Live Events In KolkataNow whenever you spot that pink-coloured book in any of the Bengali households you know what significance it holds to them.Subho Nobobarsho!Cover Image Courtesy: X/sohni_c and Canva
For Bengalis, April means it is time to celebrate the Bengali New Year. To start the year with new beginnings, this time we have jotted down the top live events happening in Kolkata for you to attend. From food buffets to music concerts to techno, it has all. Share this list with your friends and family and book tickets for an eventful April in the city of joy.6 Upcoming Events To Attend In Kolkata For April1. Poila Baishakh Thakumar Henshel by Polo Floatel Kolkata  A post shared by Polo Floatel, Calcutta (@polofloatel)Poila Baisakh is the New Year celebration for Bengalis. It is an auspicious day in April when you wear new clothes, go to the temple for blessings and eat a lavish Bengali food spread. The heavenly Bengali food is loved by many and this time, Polo Floatel Kolkata is ready with an authentic Poila Baisakh buffet feast. Ki bhabcho, cholo!Date: Apr 13 - 15Timings: 12:30 PM onwardsWhere: Polo FloatelPrice: ₹1799/person onwards2. Sahana & Samantak Live  A post shared by Sahana Bajpaie (@sahanabajpaie)We urge you all to book tickets for this event in Kolkata right away! Here, you will not only enjoy a harmonious evening with Sahana and Samantak, but this event is also a fundraiser for Children's Little Theatre. This duo is known for their beautiful and contemporary Rabindra sangeet. What better way than to engage in the soulful sangeet with your loved ones?Date: Apr 13Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: CLT Aban MahalPrice: ₹500/person3. Time Throttle’s The Last Tool Tribute Tour  A post shared by Time Throttle (@timethrottle)Kolkata peeps, get ready to rock and roll with Time Throttle, a 2019 boyband, as they perform here for the first time! They perform and cover Tool's songs as a tribute. Now, they have developed their rock music, which you certainly shouldn't miss. This April, enjoy delectable cocktails while dancing to their beats.Date: Apr 18Timings: 9 PM onwardsWhere: Hard Rock CafePrice: ₹399/personAlso Read: From IPL Screening To One Direction Theme Night, 7 Events To Attend In Bangalore4. Nikhil Chinapa Techdrone  A post shared by Nikhil Chinapa (@nikhilchinapa)This booming event in Kolkata is calling out to all techno lovers. Take your partners and dance your techno heart out to pulsating beats by Nikhil Chinapa. If you grew up watching a bunch of reality TV shows on MTV India, then you know who we are talking about. The night is still young to grab your tickets and you can soak up the madness that is about to unfold.Date: Apr 19Timings: 8 PM onwardsWhere: RootsPrice: ₹999/person onwards5. Usha Uthup Live  A post shared by Pearl Mascarenhas (@pearl_mascarenhas_dsilva)Have a melodious night out with your family at this exciting event in Kolkata. This April, you will get to witness the divine magic of Padma Bhushan winner Usha Uthup, along with Jojo and RJ Arvind. This eventful evening will be paired with a bomb dot com food spread, starting from starters to main courses to desserts. You can also select your drink of choice from a wide range of alcoholic drinks. Hey darling! Aankhon se aankhe char karne do...Date: Apr 20Timings: 7 PM onwardsWhere: Princeton ClubPrice: ₹1199/person onwards6. Tribute To Bryan Adams & Bon Jovi  A post shared by Bon Jovi (@bonjovi)If you are an ardent fan of the legendary musicians Bryan Adams and Bon Jovi, then you should attend this great tribute event in Kolkata. A band named ‘ECSTACY’ has taken the initiative to have a gala night with Kolkata folks. Get ready to sway to iconic songs like ‘Summer of '69’, ‘It's My Life’ and more. Recently, a discovery was made behind the meaning of the song ‘Summer of '69; check it out if you haven't already.Date: Apr 27Timings: 9 PM onwardsWhere: Hard Rock CafePrice: ₹400/person onwardsAlso Read: From Qawwali Nights To Linkin Park Tribute, Delhi Has 9 Exciting Events For This MonthTickets for the above events are available on Bookmyshow and Paytm Insider, hurry before they sell out.Happy April, Kolkata!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/singerushauthup and polofloatel
Kemon acho Kolkata! Are you all out of your winter cocoons and ready to embrace the spring season? This March, Kolkata has exciting and fun-filled events coming up and we do not want you to miss any of these. Therefore we have listed down some of the best events that are planned for this month in Kolkata. Share it with your friends and family, so that you have a great time. Let’s go!This March, 8 Exciting Events In Kolkata To Look Forward To1. Mirchi Fan Fest  A post shared by Mirchi Bangla (@mirchibangla)Haye mirchi, uff uff mirchi! If you are someone who grew up listening to Radio Mirchi 98.3 FM and is now into Imperial Blue, then this is your dream collaboration. This is an epic music event in Kolkata where artists like Parmish Verma, Fossils, Euphoria and Raj Barman are on the lin-up list. If they are your favourites, then you have to attend this concert.Date: Mar 9Timings: 5 PM onwardsWhere: Big Lawn Nicco ParkPrice: ₹299/person onwards2. Spirited Saturday featuring DJ Chetas  A post shared by DJ Chetas (@djchetas)The popular DJ Chetas is coming to Kolkata to deliver an exciting and electrifying evening at The Spirits. He is known for his groovy beats and vibrant energy that pilates through the crowd when he is on the DJ mixer. Share this with your friends to have a blasting nightlife in Kolkata. *practises go-to dance moves in the club*Date: Mar 9Timings: 8:30 PM onwardsWhere: The Spirits, EP Block, Sector V, BidhannagarPrice: ₹1999/person onwards3. Thrifty X Blindfolds  A post shared by Thrifty X (@thrifty_social)This event is a Thrifty Mixer Party where you can ignite great connections with like-minded friends. This can be done by participating in interactive games or thought-provoking activities where you might just experience connections of a deeper level. This deeper connection will also come from the art of conversations and socialising. You might just have made a new friend here!Date: Mar 10Timings: 2 PM onwardsWhere: Venue to be announcedPrice: ₹499/person onwards4. Past Forward Ft. Mallika Sarabhai  A post shared by Mallika Sarabhai (@mallikasarabhai)Season 4 of Pickle Factory Dance Foundation is here! This time it is the exceptionally talented world-renowned Bharatanatyam dancer, Mallika Sarabhai, who will grace the stage. She is also a choreographer, actor and social activist. This event in Kolkata is aptly named because she will showcase the evolution of the female voice in dance. The themes focus on women, gender, and caste politics since the 12th century.Date: Mar 16Timings: 7 PM onwardsWhere: GD Birla Sabhaghar, BallygungePrice: ₹300/personAlso Read: From Anime Fest To Sonu Nigam, 7 Best Upcoming Events In Bangalore For This March5. Rango Ki Ghoomar I Colour Me Happy I Ft. Nora Fatehi  A post shared by Nora Fatehi (@norafatehi)Asar tera ye jarur he teri nazar kaa kasoor he dilbar dilbar...Wouldn't it be great to tease your friends who have moved out from Kolkata that you celebrate Holi with Nora Fatehi? You may go ahead and do so now because she is coming to Kolkata to colour you happy, Bengalis. This is powder by JW Marriott where you will get to play Holi with organic colours, amazing beats, dhol and unlimited food and beverages! Date: Mar 21Timings: 11 AM onwardsWhere: JW Marriott Hotel, TangraPrice: ₹3999/person6. DANIEL SLOSS: CAN’T  A post shared by Daniel Sloss (@danielsloss)With a tour of India under his belt, Sloss is set to make you laugh out loud. There is nothing he can't do, his can’t is a can. You will understand when you watch him do a live show and leaves you thinking how can someone be probably rude yet funny! Watch "DARK" and "Jigsaw" his Netflix specials to be enlightened by his humour. Date: Mar 24Timings: 7 PMWhere: Kala Mandir, Shakespeare Sarani Road, ElginPrice: ₹999/person onwards7. Rangleela'24 ft. Jacqueliene Fernandez  A post shared by Jacqueliene Fernandez (@jacquelienefernandez)Looks like Kolkata is on fire for Holi this time! Jacqueliene Fernandez is here because sooraj nahi dooba hain yaaro! Enjoy a colourful and fun-filled event in Kolkata which is like an open-air carnival. You will also be greeted by DJ Vicky Metharamani on the console. So, have a rangleela time with your friends here.Date: Mar 25Timings: 11:30 AM onwardsWhere: PC Chandra Garden, ArupotaPrice: ₹999/person8. American Pride Soda Music Festival  A post shared by Royal Challenge American Pride Soda (@rcamericanpridesoda)Get ready to experience the first and foremost edition of the American Pride Soda Music Festival. This event in Kolkata is where the vibrancy of Kolkata meets Bollywood and delivers an electrifying music festival with the SANAM band. Bollywood lovers, you have to attend this festival! There are even good food pop-ups along with drinks. For people who like games, this festival got you good.Date: Mar 30Timings: 4 PM onwardsWhere: Nicco ParkPrice: ₹499/person onwardsAlso Read: From Sunidhi Chauhan To Marshmello, 7 Upcoming Events In Delhi-NCR To Look Forward To This MarchLooks for tickets for the above events in Kolkata? Head over to the website of PayTM or BookMyShow.Cover Image Credits: Instagram/norafatehi and jacquelienefernandezFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
If you’re an ardent movie lover, then you’d know that the French are popular for making some of the most epic films in the world. And you can now witness the beauty of French cinema first-hand at the ongoing 1st French Film Festival Kolkata. The festival was launched at Nandan Theatre in Kolkata on February 16 and was attended by film personalities like Anil Kapoor and Anurag Kashyap. Read on to know everything about this festival and what went down at the inaugural ceremony.Anil Kapoor Inaugurates The First-Ever Kolkata French Film Festival[caption id="attachment_575929" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Instagram/afdubengale[/caption]The government of West Bengal has come together with Alliance française du Bengale to host the first-ever French Film Festival Kolkata. This 9-day film festival was inaugurated on February 16 and will go on till February 24. Anil Kapoor attended the festival as the chief guest and talked about his film career and his love for Kolkata while he was there. The inaugural ceremony of this festival was also attended by Anurag Kashyap and Rituparna Sengupta.[caption id="attachment_575930" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Instagram/afdubengale[/caption]This film fest is being hosted to showcase the cultural confluence between the two countries. They will screen more than 60 movies, including 28 full-length ones with some animated, and short films as well. The festival also aims to shed light on various aspects of filmmaking through insightful discussions with accomplished creators, actors, and writers over the next few days.Also Read: Say Hello To Turkishq In Kolkata; Enjoy A Slice Of Turkey Right In The City Of JoyThings To Look Out For At This Film Festival[caption id="attachment_575931" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]This cinematic celebration in Kolkata will showcase the crème de la crème of contemporary French films. They will also pay tribute to the timeless treasures of French and Indian classics while they are at it. There is an array of sections including French New Wave, French Contemporary Films, Films for Young Audiences, and even Animated Films that will be screened here. The French New Wave section is dedicated to the works of Godard, Truffaut, Varda, and others. They will also screen Indian filmmakers who have featured their films at Cannes.It’s an open-for-all all film festival and you can register your spot on their website here.So, are you excited to check out this film festival? Let us know in the comments!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/afdubengale & Canva For more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
Wake up, finish daily duties, sleep, and repeat: the endless cycle of our lives. In this mundane life of repetitive lifestyle, we all need to escape somewhere to seek solace and enjoy serenity. If you are in Kolkata and planning a getaway far away from the hustle and bustle, Vedic Wellness is an excellent place to explore in the lap of nature.Enjoy The Finest Experiences At Vedic Wellness In Kolkata[caption id="attachment_572499" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- https://www.vedicwellness.info/[/caption]Unplug from everything digital, detox your lifestyle, stay close to nature's lap, secure a relationship with nature, and experience the utmost tranquillity at this place. Vedic Wellness is undoubtedly one of the best wellness centres in the City of Joy to be enhanced by the power of healing journeys. To take a small break from your daily hustle, practice mindfulness here.From naturopathy to yoga, there are splendid rejuvenating options and treatments to relax and recharge. From Aromatherapy Massage to Aloe Fruit Body Wrap, spa therapies come with the options of Wellness Radiance, Aromatherapy Massage With Body Scrub, Aromatherapy With Honey & Yogurt Body Polish, Dead Sea Mineral Mud Wrap, and Sanjeeva Facials.[caption id="attachment_572498" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- https://www.vedicwellness.info/[/caption]The full-body massages focus on decreasing stress and tension. In fact, the treatments also focus on managing and treating any sort of tension caused because of injuries and improper posture. Get ready to immerse in a world of relaxation with these amazing spa therapies.Also read: This Jungle Cabana In Goa Is Perfect For Relaxation & Offers Yoga Sessions, Ayurvedic Spa & More!Let's Get To Know About Naturopathy & Yoga Offered Here[caption id="attachment_572497" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- https://www.vedicwellness.info/[/caption]In a beautifully decorated ethnic ambience, Vedic Wellness offers holistic wellness experiences. Yoga taught at this place enhances and boosts a beautiful balance between body, mind, emotions, and spirit. Be it beginners or experienced ones, the sessions are for everyone. Another major highlight is that this spa resort also helps in managing mental stress with awareness and self-healing powers. There are different packages to choose from according to your needs and preferences.Also read: There Are 4 Women's Ovarian Health & Wellness Resorts In India; But Here's Why We Need MoreExperience the natural form of healing and enjoy rejuvenating moments at Vedic Wellness. Plan some time at this beautiful spa resort soon.Where: Vedic Village Spa Resort, Rajarhat, Kolkata, Sikharpur, West BengalWhen: 7:30 AM – 8 PMContact: 98308 20427Cover Image Courtesy: https://www.vedicwellness.info/For more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
The city of joy offers a lot more joyous things to do! People of Kolkata, if you have been looking for great events to have over to during this month, worry not. We have clubbed over eight exciting events filled with food, books, mesmerising views, raising funds for a good cause, and more. Don't be a lazy bum over the weekend and explore some fun activities with your friends and family. Check out these upcoming January events in Kolkata.Attend These 8 Exciting Events In Kolkata, This January1. 47th Kolkata International Book Fair  A post shared by SUBHECHCHHA (@itsmesubhe)Bibliophiles, your season is here! This year for 47th Kolkata International Book Fair has the theme of Great Britain and numerous stalls to explore through. That serene moment of going back home with bags full of your precious favorite books, showing off the collection to your family and smelling new or old pages of it! Book fair is always a lovely affair. Get your list ready!Date: Jan 18 - 31Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: Central Park Mela Ground, BidhannagarPrice: Free2.10th Kolkata People's Film Festival  A post shared by Peoples Film Collective (@peoplesfilmcollective)Bibliophiles, move over, it's time for cinephiles to shine! Exceptions are made for people who are both bibliophile and cinephile (AKA me)! This upcoming event in Kolkata is celebrating films with screenings of South Asian and Indian films. Discussions over the submitted contemporary political documentaries from India as like-minded people connect over films. This year Arundhati Roy is invited to speak and you can get a chance to have a conversation with her on the challenges of being a writer today.Date: Jan 24 - 28Timings: 10 AM onwardsWhere: Uttam Mancha, Hazra, Kalighat ZillaPrice: Free3. The Barge Company's - Hooghly Sunset Sail  A post shared by The Barge Company (@thebargecompany)Enjoy an evening sailing in Hoogly River and enjoy a classic sunset against the backdrop of the iconic Howrah Bridge with your loved ones in January. The Barge Company has curated this experience of an event for the people in Kolkata because you will even witness Ganga aarti. As the sun sets, groovy music starts playing and yummy food along with drinks start rolling out by them. Now you can enjoy the city lights of Kolkata.Date: Jan 26Timings: 4 PM onwardsWhere: The Bengal Paddle Jetty, Outram Ghat 1Price: ₹1299/person4. TASHER DESH - Tagore's Timeless Opera  A post shared by Dona Ganguly (@dona_ganguly_39)This upcoming event in Kolkata in January is a dance drama organised by Dakshinayan UK and Diksha Manjari. This opera is happening for the first time where Dona Ganguly along with her students will dance. While globally acclaimed Tagore singer, Dr. Ananda Gupta will showcase his musical talents. This opera pays homage to Netaji’s birthday as the brilliance of Tagore’s poetic lines, music and dance come together.Date: Jan 22Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: Rabindra Sadan, Maidan, Park Street areaPrice: ₹200/personAlso Read: Air India Express Launches Direct Flights To Ayodhya From Bengaluru &#038; Kolkata; Timings & Details Here5. Drive Hridaya Season 5  A post shared by Hridaya (@myhridaya_official)Head over to the fifth edition of Drive Hridaya for a good cause and to spread awareness about congenital heart diseases. This disease is present at birth and harms a lot of the lifelines of infants. The funds generated through this event in Kolkata will help to give necessary support and care to kids suffering from this heart disease. Book your tickets now for a good cause and a fun treasure hunt on four-wheelers.Date: Jan 21Timings: 8 AM onwardsWhere: The Spring ClubPrice: ₹700/person6. THE TRINITY  A post shared by Dr. Priya V (@smalleststoriestoextraordinary)No, it's not Trinity from The Matrix but an event in Kolkata that showcases the brilliance of narration by Dr. Priya Virmani, a popular orator and writer. It is a culmination of different art forms to bring a story about Brahma, Vishnu and Mahesh through Odissi dance by Monamie Nandi, flute by Rupak Mukherjee and tabla by Anjan Bandhopadhyay. Date: Jan 20Timings: 6 PM onwardsWhere: Alka Jalan Foundation, Chakraberia, BallygungePrice: ₹350/person7. FLOATING BUFFET AT LENIN CRUISES  A post shared by Lenin Cruises (@lenincruises)Another fun event in Kolkata which you should definitely book ASAP. if you want to enjoy a buffet on a cruise which is non sailing then this is the perfect opportunity for you. Two slots are available each for lunch and dinner, see what suits you and relish yummy vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes with classic city light views of the city of joy. You even get four Gulab Jamuns at a go! Isn't it the cherry on top or should we say Gulab Jamun on top?Date: Jan 19 - 29Timings: 12 PM & 8 PM onwardsWhere: Babughat, Strand Rd, B.B.D. BaghPrice: ₹799/person8. Annual Classical Music Conference 2024  A post shared by Mathures Paul (@mathures)Classical music lover, where are you? Uttarpara Sangeet Chakra is all set to host the 68th edition of the Annual Classical Music Conference. It keeps the essence of Indian classical music alive where many national and international artists showcase their talents. You may immerse yourself in the tunes of Indian classical music this January.Date: Jan 25 - 28Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: Uttarpara Jaykrishna Public Library, HooglyPrice: ₹300/personAlso Read: Kolkata Gets A Mexican Paradise Mehico, A Vibrant Cantina With Murals, Savoury Delights & MoreYou can grab your ticket from their respective websites or PayTM and BookMyShow.So, which one are you going to attend out of these events in Kolkata? Let us know.Cover Image Courtesy: X/idrrajdeep and Instagram/thebargecompanyFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.Good news! We are on WhatsApp! Subscribe to Curly Tales WhatsApp Channel to stay up-to-date with exclusive content and BTS. Join HERE.
Bibliophiles in Kolkata and neighbouring places are all set to enjoy some of the most beautiful moments of the year as the city celebrates the iconic International Kolkata Book Fair. Salt Lake's Central Park Mela ground is the venue of this year's book fair. Also known as Boimela, this event is ready to transport you to a world of books, literary marvels, art, and more. Till the time you are visiting the fair in person, here's a virtual tour for you.CM Mamata Banerjee Inaugurated The International Kolkata Book FairToday, my leader Smt. @MamataOfficial inaugurated the 47th International Kolkata Book Fair.Under her inspiration, the Kolkata Book Fair has truly evolved into a global celebration of literature & cultural exchange. Welcoming all citizens to come be a part.. #KolkataBookFair pic.twitter.com/R3fw3XUafr— FIRHAD HAKIM (@FirhadHakim) January 18, 2024West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee inaugurated the 47th edition of the Kolkata Book Fair on Thursday. With the grand inauguration event, the doors to the fair have been opened to the public welcoming one and all to witness the magnificence of the Boimela. The theme country for this year's book fair is the United Kingdom.UK 🇬🇧 is the theme country at the 47th #KolkataBookFair - 2nd largest in the world.Honoured to attend inauguration with Chief Minister West Bengal @MamataOfficial & High Commissioner @AlexWEllisUK is hosting 20 authors. 35 sessions. And much more@dcfrombc @Andrew007Uk pic.twitter.com/RUsREnVAA9— Alison Barrett (@albarrett09) January 19, 2024Starting on January 18, Boimela is all set to continue till the last day of January. Popular as the second-largest book fair in the world, more than 1,000 stalls have come up this year. Interestingly, the 2024 Kolkata Book Fair features the highest number of stalls so far. Kolkata Book Fair offers endless options of books in different languages by notable artists.Not just hundreds of huge stalls of well-known and reputed publishers, this year's Boimela has about a hundred stalls for small publishers. Attending the fair is surely going to be a magnificent experience with an increase in tons of options of writers and books to choose from. More stalls signify more books and also provide a massive variety of diverse options ranging from genre to genre.Also read: Kolkata Gets A Mexican Paradise Mehico, A Vibrant Cantina With Murals, Savoury Delights &#038; MoreThe Kolkata Book Fair, renowned as India's largest celebration of literature, ideas, & creativity. Dive into a world of books, & engage in unique literary discussionsDate: January 18 - 31, 2024Venue: Boimela Prangan, Central Park, Salt Lake Sector 2, Kolkata#ExperienceBengal pic.twitter.com/KuHmgN6zj7— West Bengal Tourism (@TourismBengal) January 16, 2024Not just from India, publishers from different countries have arrived at the boimela. Argentina, Australia, Bangladesh, Colombia, France, and the United States are some of the many international countries from where publishers are participating in the gala fair.There Are More To See & Explore At BoimelaTaking to Reddit, u/Little_Sin shared some beautiful glimpses of the event.Calcutta Book Fair 2024byu/Little_Sin_02 inkolkataNo event in the City of Joy can be complete without some amazing food stalls. In the venue of the Kolkata book fair, there is a dedicated section of food stalls serving authentic delish Bengali food items. From savoury to sweets, Chinese to Mughlai, the food choices are endless.Also read: Kolkata&#8217;s New Town To Soon Get A Food Truck Zone. Here&#8217;s All You Need To KnowAre you ready to visit the venue, explore the Boimela, and enjoy a great time?Event: International Kolkata Book Fair 2024Where: Boimela Prangan, Central Park Mela ground, Salt Lake Sector II, KolkataWhen: January 18 – January 31, 2024Ticket: Visitors do not need to buy tickets. Entry is free.Cover Image Courtesy: Reddit/ u/Little_SinFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.Good news! We are on WhatsApp! Subscribe to Curly Tales WhatsApp Channel to stay up-to-date with exclusive content and BTS. Join HERE.
Raise your hands if you are an art enthusiast! If you wish to witness the magnificence of the legendary Vincent Van Gogh's magical paintings just like me, looks like we are both in for a grand treat. 4 cities in India are ready to host the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience for the first time and it is beginning with Chennai. Gear up to escape to a surreal world of artistic brilliance.Chennai Is Hosting The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience This FebruaryTaking to Instagram, the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global) shared the grand news of the extraordinary event coming up in India.  A post shared by The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global)It is time to experience the world of art in the most special way as the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience is all set to come to India and impress art lovers with immersive experiences. This time, the event is touring in 4 cities; Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Pune. Known as the first of its kind in India, Chennai is the host city of the event's much-awaited debut.We are so excited as the time has come to bless our eyes and hearts by witnessing Van Gogh's world-renowned grandeur. Chennai is hosting the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience at the Express Avenue Mall, starting from February 2 to 20, 2024. Following Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Pune will be the host cities of these splendid experiences. The dates and venues for these places are yet to be announced.  A post shared by Curly Tales | A Fork Media Group Co. (@curly.tales)It won't be exaggerated if we compare the upcoming event with something larger than life or vastly extravagant. To immerse in Van Gogh's creations and enjoy their charm has always been on the bucket list of enthusiasts fascinated with his paintings. This spectacular creative immersion is not just about presenting extraordinary graphics but also about taking a trip to Van Gogh's vibrant world.Also read: Back For Its 7th Edition, Here’s What To Expect At Old Monk Fest, A Nostalgia-Filled Spirited EventWhat All To Expect At This Enchanting Show?  A post shared by The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global)The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience is here to go beyond seeing traditional art. The credit for this goes to technological advancements. Running for approximately 30 minutes, the event showing Van Gogh's post-impressionist world will be executed with 20,000 high-resolution projectors, 33 million+ pixels, and 10,000+ square feet of projections.Also read: What Is Goa&#8217;s International Purple Fest, A One-Of-A-Kind Event For Disable People? Dates &#038; Details HereAre you ready to witness the glory of masterpieces like Starry Night and Sunflowers?Event: Van Gogh ExperienceWhere: Express Avenue Mall, ChennaiDates: February 2 – February 20, 2024When: 10 AM – 10 PMPrice: ₹799 (Early Bird)Cover Image Courtesy: Paytm InsiderFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.Good news! We are on WhatsApp! Subscribe to Curly Tales WhatsApp Channel to stay up-to-date with exclusive content and BTS. Join HERE.
