Raise your hands if you are an art enthusiast! If you wish to witness the magnificence of the legendary Vincent Van Gogh's magical paintings just like me, looks like we are both in for a grand treat. 4 cities in India are ready to host the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience for the first time and it is beginning with Chennai. Gear up to escape to a surreal world of artistic brilliance.Chennai Is Hosting The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience This FebruaryTaking to Instagram, the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global) shared the grand news of the extraordinary event coming up in India.  A post shared by The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global)It is time to experience the world of art in the most special way as the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience is all set to come to India and impress art lovers with immersive experiences. This time, the event is touring in 4 cities; Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Pune. Known as the first of its kind in India, Chennai is the host city of the event's much-awaited debut.We are so excited as the time has come to bless our eyes and hearts by witnessing Van Gogh's world-renowned grandeur. Chennai is hosting the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience at the Express Avenue Mall, starting from February 2 to 20, 2024. Following Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Pune will be the host cities of these splendid experiences. The dates and venues for these places are yet to be announced.  A post shared by Curly Tales | A Fork Media Group Co. (@curly.tales)It won't be exaggerated if we compare the upcoming event with something larger than life or vastly extravagant. To immerse in Van Gogh's creations and enjoy their charm has always been on the bucket list of enthusiasts fascinated with his paintings. This spectacular creative immersion is not just about presenting extraordinary graphics but also about taking a trip to Van Gogh's vibrant world.Also read: Back For Its 7th Edition, Here’s What To Expect At Old Monk Fest, A Nostalgia-Filled Spirited EventWhat All To Expect At This Enchanting Show?  A post shared by The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global)The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience is here to go beyond seeing traditional art. The credit for this goes to technological advancements. Running for approximately 30 minutes, the event showing Van Gogh's post-impressionist world will be executed with 20,000 high-resolution projectors, 33 million+ pixels, and 10,000+ square feet of projections.Also read: What Is Goa&#8217;s International Purple Fest, A One-Of-A-Kind Event For Disable People? Dates &#038; Details HereAre you ready to witness the glory of masterpieces like Starry Night and Sunflowers?Event: Van Gogh ExperienceWhere: Express Avenue Mall, ChennaiDates: February 2 – February 20, 2024When: 10 AM – 10 PMPrice: ₹799 (Early Bird)Cover Image Courtesy: Paytm InsiderFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.Good news! We are on WhatsApp! Subscribe to Curly Tales WhatsApp Channel to stay up-to-date with exclusive content and BTS. Join HERE.
In the heart of Pune, where culinary innovation meets mixology mastery, a storm is brewing—an extravaganza that promises to redefine indulgence itself! Picture this: a fusion of smoky aromas teasing the senses, cocktails crafted with precision, and an ambiance steeped in vintage allure. Welcome to the epicurean adventure of the year, hosted by none other than Cobbler & Crew, Pune. A celebration of culinary excellence and mixology skills will take place on December 2 and 3, 2023, when Chef Christopher Fernandes, a star of the Goan coast, teams up with Law & Order, an Amsterdam cocktail haven situated among the city's canals. Chef Chris and Law & Order Set Pune Abuzz!  A post shared by Chef chris 👨‍🍳(Chef christopher fernandes) (@cravings_by_chris)Cobbler & Crew will soon become a sanctuary for foodies, thanks to the masterful work of Chef Chris. His reputation is derived from his renowned 18-hour brisket as well as his expertly constructed smokers. They certainly offer an aromatic symphony of flavours that are sure to captivate even the pickiest palates.Chef Chris's two-day culinary adventure is his first in Pune, where he hopes to wow guests with his culinary creations. He has perfected those dishes through invitation-only events that feature open-fire cooking at intriguing locations like The Table Farm in Alibag, the Four Seasons Conservatory, and Magazine St. Kitchen.That is not where the culinary symphony ends. Enter Law & Order, a beacon of mixology excellence nestled in the historic alcoves of Amsterdam. With its distinctive concoctions, this cutting-edge cocktail haven—which embodies a blend of aristocratic ambience and retro hip-hop vibes—is making waves in Pune. Head Over For Smoked Temptations & Mixology Marvels  A post shared by Cobbler & Crew (@cobblerandcrew)Day one of this epicurean journey promises an immersive gastronomic adventure where guests will have the chance to revel in Chef Chris's smoked creations paired with Law & Order's distinctive cocktails. Picture succulent meats infused with mesmerising flavours, harmonising flawlessly with handcrafted cocktails that bear the hallmark of Law & Order's mixology finesse.The excitement doesn't stop there. On day two, Chef Chris collaborates with Cobbler & Crew's very own Head Mixologist Partner, Mayur Marne, to elevate the experience to unprecedented heights. This day is dedicated to a culinary voyage that intertwines Chef Chris's culinary marvels with the signature cocktails crafted exclusively for this event. The anticipation surrounding this event is tangible. The collision of global culinary and mixology brilliance is set to leave an indelible mark on the city's epicurean landscape.Also Read: Munich-Bangkok Lufthansa Flight Diverted To Delhi As Husband-Wife Fight Mid-AirGet Ready For A Smoke-Infused Soiree[caption id="attachment_536603" align="alignnone" width="770"] Photo Credits: Press Release[/caption]Amidst the low-lit ambiance adorned with antique mirrors, gramophones, and suspended potted plants at Cobbler & Crew, patrons will bear witness to a weekend steeped in culinary excellence and mixology innovation. It will be a rendezvous that beckons all epicurean enthusiasts to savour this unique moment in time.Mark your calendars for December 2nd and 3rd, as these dates are set aside for this extraordinary event. Join us at Cobbler & Crew in Kalyani Nagar for an unmatched culinary adventure where flair, taste, and sophistication converge. Not merely an occasion, this is an invitation to take part in a unique symphony of flavour, artistry, and celebration. Where: Cobbler & Crew, PuneWhen: Saturday, 2nd December, 2023: Chef Chris and Law & Order Guest Shift and Bar Take-over at Cobbler & CrewSunday, 3rd December, 2023: Chef Chris Guest Shift at Cobbler & Crew Cost: ₹2,000 (For two)Cover Image Courtesy: Press ReleaseFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.Good news! We are on WhatsApp! Subscribe to Curly Tales WhatsApp Channel to stay up-to-date with exclusive content and BTS. Join HERE.
Ladies and gentlemen, brace yourselves for the most electrifying, soul-stirring, and mouthwatering extravaganza to hit Pune like a meteor! ZOMALAND is back, and it's back with a bang that will leave you breathless and craving for more. On the 4th and 5th of November, the heart of Pune will pulsate with a rhythm that can only be described as pure magic. Picture this: a place where music, laughter, and delicious flavours collide to create an unparalleled carnival experience. So, fasten your seatbelts, because we're about to take you on a thrilling ride through this incredible event. ZOMALAND Brings the Hottest Music Acts To Pune  A post shared by zomaland by zomato live (@zomaland)Imagine being transported to a world where your senses are tantalised, your feet are tapping, and your taste buds are in heaven. ZOMALAND is bringing together the biggest names in the music industry to make your heart race and your body groove. From the infectious, bass-heavy beats of Nucleya to the soulful melodies of Lucky Ali, from the chart-topping sensation Riar Saab of "Obsessed" fame to the musically versatile Madhur Sharma, this festival is a dream come true for music lovers. But that's not all; it's also a platform for emerging stars like Kasyap, Gowri Bhat, Charan, and the sensational Queendom to shine.Comedy enthusiasts, brace yourselves because the laughter never ends at ZOMALAND! Mojorojo, also known as Rohan Joshi, and the hilarious Aaditya Kullu are all set to tickle your funny bone with their class acts. Get ready for an evening filled with rib-cracking humour and joyous laughter.Also Read: IND Vs SL Match: Mumbai Traffic Police Issues Advisory; Check Routes, Diversions & More!The Ultimate Weekend Extravaganza Awaits You  A post shared by zomaland by zomato live (@zomaland)Now, let's talk about the most important part – the food. Prepare to embark on a culinary journey like no other as over 60 iconic restaurant partners set up shop, offering their mouthwatering masterpieces. From the exotic flavours of Souk by Café Arabia to the heavenly pastries at Forennte patisserie, from the irresistible burgers at Roco Mamas to the indulgent Amul Ice Lounge and the classic New York-style pizza at Sbarro, you'll be in foodie heaven. Whether you're a street food lover or a gourmet connoisseur, ZOMALAND has got it all!Also Read: 8 Best Breakfast Places In Goa To Hit Up After Partying Hard The Night BeforeBut wait, there's more! ZOMALAND knows that your Instagram game is crucial, and they've got it all figured out. Welcome to 'Carnival City,' a space where you can immerse yourself in interactive installations and Instagram-worthy backdrops. Capture the magic of this incredible event and share it with the world. Afterall, if it's not on your Instagram feed, did it even happen?So, gather your friends and family and prepare for a weekend that will be etched in your memory for a long, long time. ZOMALAND is not just a festival; it's an electrifying, hilarious, and delicious carnival that you simply can't afford to miss. Pune, get ready to party like never before—ZOMALAND is back, and it's bigger and better than ever!Where: Mahalaxmi Lawns, 100 feet, DP Road, Karve Nagar, PuneWhen: 04th, 05th NovemberCost: Starting from ₹699 (Early Bird-General) and ₹1,599 (Early Bird-VIP Phase 1) per dayBookings: Zomato AppCover Image Courtesy: Zomaland/InstagramFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.Good news! We are on WhatsApp! Subscribe to Curly Tales WhatsApp Channel to stay up-to-date with exclusive content and BTS. Join HERE.
Remember the viral video of a group of boys dancing to Kala Chasma song? The video of the dance crew showing amazing moves and grooving to the peppy beats of the Bollywood song went viral in no time. From reels to shorts, everyone was recreating the dance steps and sharing videos. The dancers were from a Norwegian dance group named Quick Style and they became an Internet sensation overnight. This group has a massive fanbase in India and the performers are coming to India with new shows.Quick Style Is Coming Back To India!The dance crew recently made the announcement of its India tour starting from 30 September.  A post shared by Quick Style (@thequickstyle)Fans, are you excited to dance, cheer, shout, and have loads of fun? Quick Style is back in India with back-to-back shows and this time the group is performing in 4 different cities. The India tour has lineups in Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, and Indore. This tour is going to be grander, more fun, and exciting than before. Quick Style is globally famous for its quirky and unique dance moves and performances in a range of different kinds of music. From hip-hop to EDM, their performances are energetic and infectious enough to make everyone groove to the beats.Also read: IIFA 2023: Quick Style Post Fun BTS Videos From Abu Dhabi And Boy Are We Grooving! Details About The Shows:  A post shared by Quick Style (@thequickstyle)Quick Style's India tour is kickstarting with Indore on 30 September. The group is hosting its first live show this time on Wednesday at Phoenix Citadel Mall from 7 PM. The ticket starts at ₹499 onwards.The next venue is Pune's Liberty Square Phoenix Mall and the date of the show is 6 October. The event is going to begin at 7 PM and the ticket costs ₹499 onwards.Mumbai is the third city and Quick Style is hosting the show in the City of Dreams on 7 October. The venue is Courtyard, Phoenix Palladium and the show is starting at 7:30 PM. The tickets start at ₹999 onwards.Details about the Delhi show are yet to be released.Also read: Chennai: From Rolls Royce To Bentley, ‘Heritage Rollers 2023’ Showcased The Best Vintage CarsTickets for Mumbai, Indore, and Pune are now out on BookMyShow. So do not wait anymore and book your tickets right now.Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/ Quick Style
Getting an authentic Michelin-starred dining experience is on all of our bucket lists, isn't it? While we may not have that opportunity at our disposal all the time, Delhiites and Punekars are in luck. In a remarkable collaboration with Conosh, a renowned platform for curated culinary experiences, Taj Mahal Hotel Delhi and Conrad Pune are bringing you Avatara from Dubai. This groundbreaking pop-up event promises to redefine India's dining landscape. A culinary extravaganza, it will unveil a remarkable fusion of flavours and experiences, featuring the world's first and only Michelin-starred pure vegetarian Indian cuisine restaurant. Michelin-Starred Avatara Lands In India  A post shared by Conosh (@conoshofficial)With its unique approach and commitment to culinary excellence, Avatara sets the stage for a remarkable dining experience within its lavish environs. This extraordinary culinary event, "Avatara," is an avant-garde 12-course vegetarian dining experience that promises to redefine the fine dining scene in India. It unveils a unique gastronomic journey in the form of the world's first and only Michelin-starred pure vegetarian Indian cuisine restaurant.This pioneering culinary concept is set to captivate your taste buds and elevate your dining experiences. The meticulously crafted 12-course vegetarian dinner is a true testament to Avatara's dedication to culinary excellence. Notably, this culinary showcase is distinct for being curated without the use of onion and garlic. It is certainly a rarity in traditional Indian culinary practices.Leading this culinary revolution is Chef Rahul Rana, a virtuoso in the realm of vegetarian concepts within the culinary world. With a background in curating innovative vegetarian culinary experiences, Chef Rahul brings a wealth of expertise and creativity to Avatara's offerings.Also Read: “Time To Go Again To the Restaurant Personally”, Says Customer After Bad Experience With ZomatoA Fusion Of Luxury And Culinary Mastery[caption id="attachment_479620" align="alignnone" width="770"] Photo Credits: Press Release[/caption]Pune's and Delhi's epicurean enthusiasts can expect an extraordinary evening marked by a symphony of flavours and culinary presentations. Every plate of these creations will make you wonder if it's food or art. Known for their opulent hospitality, the Taj Mahal Hotel, Delhi, and Conrad Pune take pride in their exclusive partnership with Conosh. This collaboration ensures an unparalleled dining experience for you. For an evening that combines culinary skills and a luxurious vibe, book a slot right away!Where: Zeera, Conrad Pune | Varq, Taj Mahal Hotel, DelhiWhen: 24th and 25th August 2023 | 19th & 20th August 2023Timing: 6:30 pm & 9:30 pm | 6:30 pm & 9:30 pmCost: ₹8,000 ++ | ₹10,000 ++Cover Image Courtesy: Press Release
Vincent Van Gogh — the Dutch painter who is famous for the use of striking colour and emphatic brushwork. The contoured form in his paintings influences expressionism in modern art. During the late 20th century, he gained popularity and his paintings made record-breaking sales. To promote his noteworthy work, Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad are hosting Van Gogh 360° — an immersive way to witness Vincent Van Gogh’s artwork.Van Gogh 360° In Pune, Bangalore & Hyderabad  A post shared by Van Gogh 360º India (@vangogh360india)After the success of Van Gogh 360° in Delhi, these three cities are going to host an exhibition showcasing Vincent Van Gogh’s paintings in a brand-new immersive way. Anyone who enjoys art or is interested in virtual reality should check out this exhibition. In collaboration with the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam, Goodby Silverstein & Partners — a digital agency and VR studio, developed this project.Also Read: Khaike Paan Ambani Party Wala! Shah Rukh Khan Caught Casually Gorging On Paan At NMACC EventWhat To Expect At This Exhibition?[caption id="attachment_417226" align="alignnone" width="770"] Credits: Van Gogh 360°/ Website[/caption]An introduction to Van Gogh's life and work is given at the beginning of the Van Gogh Immersive Experience. This introduction is narrated by the letters he wrote to Theo (his brother). You may learn a lot from these letters about Van Gogh's creative process, his battles with mental illness, and his interactions with other artists of the time.Van Gogh's paintings are visible in a 360-degree setting while you wander around and listen to his commentary. Although you are actually in a virtual reality world, it feels like you are in the centre of an art exhibition!In addition to this, the exhibition has cool interactive features like experimenting with different colour palettes and creating your own version of Van Gogh’s painting. The French town of Arles, where Van Gogh once resided and worked, is also accessible through the VR experience.The town's cafes and famed Yellow House, where Van Gogh resided and painted, are both accessible on foot. The recreations' incredible attention to detail gives you the impression that you are travelling back in time and entering Van Gogh's universe.Also Read: In A First, Ayodhya To Host Ancient Sports Events & Cultural Program On Ram NavaamiVan Gogh 360 is an experience that you won't want to miss, whether you love art, VR technology, or are just interested in the meeting point between art and technology.Cover Image Courtesy: Van Gogh 360°/ Website
There's a common misconception involving the idea of how the topics of science and scientists are deemed boring. But is it so? We don't think so! Well, with an idea to bring together scientists and the public in a casual environment, Pune Science On Tap is a unique initiative making all the difference.What Is It?  A post shared by Pune Science on Tap (@punescienceontap)The brainchild of Anoop Mahajan, a scientist from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) and his friend Nakul Bhonsale of ‘Great State Aleworks’, an Indian craft brewery, ‘Science on Tap’ has roped in experts from different fields to unlock the mysteries around complex subjects during each interactive session.The first session was organised at the residence of Mahajan’s friend in Kothrud which got popular through word-of-mouth. Sessions are held once every month mainly over weekends and the topics range from Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Anthropology, Climate change, the Universe and machines.One of the unique aspects of Pune Science On Tap is the format of the talks. The talks are usually brief, lasting no longer than 20-30 minutes, and they are followed by a Q&A session, where the audience can ask the speaker questions and engage in discussion. This format allows for a lively and interactive exchange of ideas, and it encourages people to think critically and creatively about scientific concepts.Also Read: Living Room by Coco, Pune’s New Restaurant, Is An Instagram-Worthy Space With A Global MenuCandid ConversationsThere are science-led discussions on medicine, genetics and food. The idea is to simplify science and demystify tough theories in a casual set-up rather than in a classroom or formal seminar. With quirky workshop names like ‘Fantastic Yeast and Where to Find Them’ one could say the approach is more fun than classroom sessions are deemed to be.  A post shared by Pune Science on Tap (@punescienceontap)The events of Science On Tap are typically held in local pubs, bars, or cafes, and they feature talks by scientists and researchers on a wide range of topics. The talks are usually aimed at a general audience, and they are designed to be accessible to people with little or no scientific background. The speakers are experts in their respective fields, and they cover a wide range of topics, from astronomy and astrophysics to biology and ecology.The events attract a diverse crowd of people from different backgrounds and age groups. These activities are designed to be fun and engaging, and they are suitable for people of all ages. Through its innovative approach to science communication, Pune Science On Tap has helped to make science more accessible and engaging for people to pursue a deeper interest in science and technology.Cost: Sessions start at ₹150 per personCheck here for more information.Cover image credits: Instagram/Pune Science On Tap
Jazz is a music genre by the African-American community. With roots in European harmony and African rhythmic rituals, this music genre is characterised by swing and blue notes, call-and-response vocals and so on. And this enigmatic music genre is coming to grace India! Here’s everything that you need to know about the World Jazz Festival.World Jazz Festival In India[caption id="attachment_415521" align="alignnone" width="770"] Credits: Canva Image (Rep Img)[/caption]In 2020, Banyan Tree's International Jazz Festival was established to enhance and advance the jazz scene in India. This festival partners with the Dutch Amersfoort Jazz Festival to present outstanding jazz and global music simultaneously. For its previous two editions, it visited Pune, Bangalore, and Mumbai and received a roaring reception in each of these locations.And this year for its third edition, the festival is taking a leap and touring five cities — Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad. This tour will start from 20th to 30th of April 2023, which is ten days. The last day of the tour, 30th April, is celebrated as World Jazz Day. In addition to this, the event features an extraordinary line-up of international jazz musicians from the Netherlands, USA, Thailand, Serbia, Brazil, and South Korea.Also Read: The Piano Man Jazz Club Is Where You Need To Be For The Best Of Jazz Music In DelhiMany musicians and music enthusiasts around the world have been drawn to the captivating and historically significant genre of jazz. It is a highly advanced type of music because of its improvisational and experimental nature. Its dense and complicated melodic and rhythmic patterns are the result of the enormous contributions of many illustrious legends.India’s Version Of This Unique Music[caption id="attachment_415522" align="alignnone" width="770"] Credits: Canva Image (Rep Img)[/caption]In the 1920s, African-American jazz artists performed in Mumbai and Kolkata — first jazz appearance in India. They served as an inspiration for Goan musicians, who later infused jazz into Hindi cinema music in India. Jazz music has frequently interacted with Indian music. Today, there is a thriving jazz scene in places like Kolkata, Mumbai, Pune, Delhi, and Goa.There are certain similarities between jazz and Indian classical music, one of which is the use of improvisation in both genres. This was recognised by musicians, and in the 1940s, partnerships between Indian classical musicians and Western jazz players led to the creation of a new musical style known as Indo jazz, which combined jazz, classical, and Indian influences.Also Read: Bangalore's New Speakeasy Has Golden Chandeliers, Jazz Music &#038; Gives Great Gatsby FeelsAre you ready to jazz it?Cover Image Courtesy: Canva Image (Rep Img)
A capella has a cult following in India. It may not be mainstream but there are many who appreciate this vocal phenomenon. This genre of music is growing in India. Penn Masala is a dynamic A capella troupe that is breaking stereotypes and boundaries. It is the very first South Asian A capella group and is easily one of the best. They are finally coming to India in May and we cannot keep calm!Penn Masala Comes To India  A post shared by Penn Masala (@pennmasala)The angel-voiced troupe is finally coming to India for a ‘Homecoming tour.’ As part of their tour, they will perform at a total of six major cities in the country to showcase their talent and beautiful voices. This means that people all over the country have a chance to witness their marvellous voices.They are being brought to India by TribeVibe which is an enterprise by BookMyShow, India’s leading entertainment platform. The cities that Penn Masala will tour in are Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, and Pune. They will visit India from the 19th of May to the 29th of May.Mark your calendars for the following dates: the troupe will be performing on May 19 in Delhi, May 20 in Pune, May 21 and 28 in Mumbai, May 25 in Hyderabad, May 26 in Bangalore, and May 27 in Goa. You can book your tickets bookmyshow.com from the 7th of April onwards. Tickets start at ₹499.Also Read: Cars, Concerts & More! All You Need To Know About Bahrain Grand Prix 2023!World’s First South Asian A Capella Group  A post shared by Penn Masala (@pennmasala)Penn Masala is breaking all stereotypes about how A capella groups usually look like. They are the first A capella group of South Asian heritage. They, therefore, wanted to come to India as part of their ‘Homecoming Tour’. Their music is a harmonious fusion of Western Pop and Desi melodies.People who visit their concerts are surely in for a special treat. It is hard to believe that they do not use any instruments or accompaniments. As a Desi group based in the United States of America, they said that they were looking forward to their ‘Homecoming Tour’ and couldn’t wait to stun their audience. They said that the audience should expect some mind-blowing fusion of Desi and Western hits.Just like the group itself, the music they produce is an amalgamation of the best parts of Western and Desi cultures. Their music is an accurate representation of their diasporic culture.Also Read: Concert, Yacht & Beach Day: Singer Rita Ora's Dubai Trip Was A Glamorous One!So when are you visiting this dynamic A capella group? Let us know in the comments below!Cover Image Credits: @pennmasala/Instagram
It's time to wrap up the old year and say an enthusiastic hello to the new one. Guys, 2022 is finally here and mind-boggling parties are already in the line-up to revel away to it. To help y'all make your plans easier, we too have curated the best parties that are taking place near Mumbai and Pune. What's more, Curly Tales is offering these party packages at slashed down rates too. Here is a list of 4 places to enjoy Curly Tales exclusive New Year offers to call 2022 with sass!1. Forest Club Resort, KarjatThe original NYE packages at this luxury retreat are starting at ₹5900 but Curly Tales is offering the same package at just ₹5310. This amount is for stag entry and includes multi-cuisine gala dinner, live music by Democrazzy, DJ by Msk and unlimited liquor. A couple package with the same inclusions will cost ₹8496. To book, click here.  A post shared by The Forest Club Resort, Karjat (@theforestclubresort)2. Saya Grand Resort, ThaneAt Saya Grand, you can avail a stag entry package of  ₹5310 at only ₹4779. The package will include gala dinner, unlimited IMFL, DJ night and live music by Bhoomi Trivedi. A couple package of ₹8260 with the same inclusions will cost you only ₹7434 with Curly Tales exclusive offer. To book, click here.Saya Grand has also launched 1 nights 2 days accommodation packages inclusive of unlimited IMFL, gala dinner and live music with discounted rates starting at ₹26548. To book, click here.  A post shared by Saya Grand Resort & Spa (@sayagrandresortthane)Also Read: 8 Foods To Eat On New Year's Eve For a Lucky 20223. Tropical Retreat, IgatpuriBook a NYE package inclusive of multi-cuisine gala dinner, live music, DJ and unlimited IMFL out here at ₹4248 ( (Original Price: ₹4720). Get discounts on couple packages too and grab them at only ₹7434 instead of ₹8260. To book, click here.  A post shared by Tropical Retreat, Igatpuri (@tropicalretreatigatpuri)4. Anchaviyo Resort,  Kharivali Tarf KohojThis resort is offering a couple NYE package for ₹11800 inclusive of multi-cuisine gala dinner, live music by Afreen Band DJ night and unlimited IMFL. But with Curly Tales exclusive offer, you can get the package at ₹10,620. The discounted package price for stag is ₹7434 (Original Price: ₹8620). To book, click here.  A post shared by Anchaviyo (@anchaviyo)Also Read: New Year 2022: 6 Amazing Things You Can Do For FREE In GoaSlots are filling up fast. So, why wait? Grab your passes right away. Meanwhile, here is a list of 5 Budget-Friendly Holiday Packages To Book In India This New Year Including North East, Rajasthan, Jammu And More! 
