June 21 marks the grand occasion of International Yoga Day. People worldwide are celebrating the 10th year of this glorious day and the theme of this year is "Yoga for Self and Society." Isn't it a beautiful and energetic start to an eventful day ahead? India is known globally for its centuries-old yoga practices, making this day even more special for Indians. With a passion for staying fit and healthier, people from different parts of the world are making yoga a part of their daily lifestyles. Let's take a look at how everyone is celebrating this special day globally.PM Modi Attended The International Yoga Day Event In SrinagarPost Yoga selfies in Srinagar! Unparalled vibrancy here, at the Dal Lake. pic.twitter.com/G9yxoLUkpX— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) June 21, 2024Prime Minister Narendra Modi led the grand event hosted at Sher-i-Kashmir International Conference Centre in Srinagar. The 10th International Day of Yoga celebrations began early on Friday morning. He also addressed the gathering and took part in the CYP Yoga session.Greetings to the entire global community, especially the fellow citizens of India on International Yoga Day! Yoga is India's unique gift to humanity. In view of rising lifestyle related problems, Yoga has become far more important today. Yoga is a way to physical, mental and… pic.twitter.com/4XQACokOFg— President of India (@rashtrapatibhvn) June 21, 2024President Droupadi Murmu participated in a yoga session at Rashtrapati Bhavan.Participated this morning at the #IDY2024 event in New Delhi with members of the diplomatic community.Developing Yoga enthusiasm and awareness around the world has been an inspiration. Happy to see that #YogaforSelfAndSociety has become an essential way of life for so many. pic.twitter.com/nKRTKiAunL— Dr. S. Jaishankar (@DrSJaishankar) June 21, 2024S. Jaishankar celebrated this day by performing yoga with foreign diplomats in New Delhi. The yoga session was also attended by members of the diplomatic community, ambassadors, and colleagues of the foreign ministry.योग एक संपूर्ण विधा है, जो हमें शारीरिक और मानसिक रूप से एकजुट करता है।10वें अंतरराष्ट्रीय योग दिवस के अवसर पर आज मा. राज्यपाल श्रीमती @anandibenpatel जी के साथ राजभवन प्रांगण, लखनऊ में आयोजित सामूहिक योगाभ्यास कार्यक्रम में सम्मिलित हुआ।प्रदेश वासियों से अपील है कि योग को… pic.twitter.com/CEOFQhtQFJ— Yogi Adityanath (@myogiadityanath) June 21, 2024Yogi Adityanath, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister, celebrated the 10th International Yoga Day by participating in mass yoga practice. The Raj Bhavan hosted the event on Friday.Also read: From The Foothills Of Rishikesh To The Beaches Of Goa, 8 Best Places In India To Hit Your Yoga GoalsYoga Goes Global!People in different parts of the world practised yoga this morning and commemorated International Yoga Day. Netizens took to the X platform to share glimpses of the celebrations.RAIN OR SHINE YOGA IN JAPAN:Glimpses of the 10th International Day of Yoga organized by the Embassy of India,Tokyo at Tsukiji Hongwanji Temple Tokyo.#YogaforSelfandSociety #IDY2024#RainOrShineYoga #ConnectingHimalayaswithMountFuji pic.twitter.com/44AOEdf2jK— ICCR in Japan (Vivekananda Cultural Centre,Tokyo) (@ICCR_Japan) June 21, 2024The Embassy of India in Japan organised a huge yoga session at the Tsukiji Hongwanji Temple in Tokyo.Glimpses of the 10th International Day of Yoga celebrated at Times Square, #NewYork. #InternationalYogaDay#YogaDay pic.twitter.com/rf9v2eNHQl— Bisma Nazir (@BismaNazir98) June 21, 2024Hundreds of yoga enthusiasts gathered at the iconic Times Square in New York to celebrate the 10th International Yoga Day and begin the day in the best and healthiest way possible.10th International Yoga Day📍 Times Square, New York.#internationalYogaDay pic.twitter.com/XhgTU0zseH— Siddharth Patel (@isiddharthpatel) June 21, 2024Glimpses of the event are making rounds on the Internet.Greetings on the 10th International Day of Yoga!As part of IDY 2024 celebrations today, personnel from Indian Navy and Seychelles Coast Guard participated in a yoga session at SCG Base at Perseverance under #WellnessAtWork । #YogaDay2024 । #YogaForAll | #YogaForSelfAndSociety pic.twitter.com/pJEXoY27a2— India in Seychelles (@hci_seychelles) June 21, 2024Personnel from the Indian Navy and Seychelles Coast Guard came together to take part in a yoga session on this special day. The session was hosted at the SCG Base.Sneak Peeks Of More CelebrationsFrom schools and educational institutions to offices, people involved in different sectors began the day by doing yoga and taking a step towards better health and spiritual well-being. Here are pictures and videos of multiple events celebrating International Yoga Day.The 10th International Day of Yoga (IDY) was celebrated across the IAF today.The CAS led the celebrations by performing Yoga with IAF personnel at Air Force Station New Delhi.The theme of this year’s IDY is ‘Yoga for Self and Society’. The CAS urged everyone to embrace Yoga… pic.twitter.com/Nn4hXXAPAj— Indian Air Force (@IAF_MCC) June 21, 2024IAF personnel practised yoga and commemorated the 10th International Day of Yoga at the Air Force Station in New Delhi. Indian Air Force shared pictures of the event.International Yoga Day 2024 celebrations at various locations in Manipur by BJYM Manipur Karyakartas🧘🏻‍♂️🧘🏻‍♀️ pic.twitter.com/u0WU4i75Tw— BJYM (@BJYM) June 21, 2024International Day of Yoga 2024!Progressing towards spiritual well-being and health#IDY2024 #InternationalDayofYoga2024 #YogaDay2024 #YogaForAll #Yoga #yogapractice pic.twitter.com/hc2ZTaOzCu— DRM Nagpur SECR (@drmngpsecr) June 21, 2024Also read: Seeking Peace And Balance? 7 Best Yoga Day Retreats Across India Promising Transformational ExperiencesCelebrating International Day of Yoga 2024 organised at the Sambalpur Regional Office on 21st June 2024.#IDY2024 #InternationalDayOfYoga #YogaForHumanity #YogaAtHome #BeWithYogaBeAtHome #YogaForUnity #healthylifestyle pic.twitter.com/gyBQ5vqbgP— Odisha Postal Circle (@CPMG_Odisha) June 21, 2024Glimpses of International Yoga Day-2024 Celebrations at @NIFTEM_Tnj organized by NSS & Yoga Club of NIFTEM-T on 21.06.2024. @MOFPI_GOI @Rssamul pic.twitter.com/MsZlEcoVM9— NIFTEM Thanjavur (@NIFTEM_Tnj) June 21, 2024Celebration of 10th International Yoga Day - Cantonment Board Sagar on June 21, 2024 - 'Yoga for Self and Society' #IDY2024 #YogaDay2024 #YogaForSelfandSociety #YogaDayMoD2024@PddeScPune@sonamley@adgcantts_dgde pic.twitter.com/Ht22bTc38F— SAGAR CANTT BOARD (@sagarcantt) June 21, 2024Did you practise yoga today?Cover Image Courtesy: X/ Narendra Modi (@narendramodi), X/ Dr. S. Jaishankar (@DrSJaishankar) 
It’s June and that means it is officially the LGBTQ+ Pride Month. The month is celebrated across the globe to commemorate the spirit of love for all. So, keeping up with this spirit, we have listed out 11 awesome, queer-friendly events across India that you can head to this month. These pride events are open for all, so make sure you take along as many friends as you can and have a good time!11 Pride Events To Attend Across India This June[caption id="attachment_631404" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]1. Godrej Pride Mixer 2024, Mumbai  A post shared by Gaysi Family (@gaysifamily)A fun night filled with party games, amazing performances, and even networking opportunities, Godrej Pride Mixer 2024 promises it all! The event is open to all, so whether you are an ally or queer, you can have a good time here.Where: Vikhroli Social, CST 51/8, Imagine Studio, Near Godrej One, Vikhroli, MumbaiWhen: June 21; 7 PM onwards2. Desi Pride Weekender 2.0, Mumbai  A post shared by The Gay Gaze Bombay (@thegaygazebombay)Desi Pride Weekender is back with its second edition and this time around they are hosting a Bizarre Bazaar. To celebrate Pride Month, they will have drag performances, live music, a lively marketplace, BBQ cookouts, and lots more! You can book your tickets for this event here.Where: Veranda Rooftop & Underground, Bandra West, MumbaiWhen: June 15 & 16; 4 PM to 1:30 AM3. Pride Party At BCC, Mumbai[caption id="attachment_631454" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]If drag showcases, open mic and endless fun are your vibe, then Pride Party at Bombay Closet Cleanse is just where you need to be! They are bringing together LGBTQ+ businesses and communities this Pride Month for a night so you can shop, laugh, eat, and have a good time. The entry for this event is free and you can RSVP for it here.Where: Bombay Closet Cleanse, Shop no 3 and 4, New Neelam Apartments, JP Rd, Jeet Nagar, Versova, Andheri West, MumbaiWhen: June 22; 3 PM onwardsAlso Read: 8 Safest Countries For Queer People That Are Perfect For A Gaycation This Pride Month4. Satrangi Mela - An All-Day Queer Festival, Bengaluru[caption id="attachment_631405" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]‘Satrangi’ translates to sever-colours which is a fun wordplay to the rainbow that typically depicts the pride community. Satrangi Mela is an all-day queer festival hosted by Social and it’s just what you need to make your Pride Month even more colourful. With fun performances, awesome DJs, and lots more, this mela is going to be superb! The entry is free till 6 PM, so book your spot here right away.Where: Indiranagar Social, Plot 37, 80 Feet Rd, New Tippasandra, BengaluruWhen: June 9, 2 PM onwards5. Pride Verse: Open Mic To Celebrate Pride Month, Bengaluru[caption id="attachment_631406" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: website/Bira91[/caption]For all your artistic and creative souls out there, Bira 91 Taproom is hosting an open mic event to honour the LGBTQ+ community and their stories. This afternoon will be filled with poetry, storytelling, and music, all aligned with the Pride theme. The tickets for this event start at ₹250 and you can book them here online.Where: Bira 91 Taproom, Koramangala, BengaluruWhen: June 15; 2 PM onwards6. Absolutally Pride Night, Bengaluru  A post shared by Absolut Born Colourless (@absolutborncolourless)To celebrate love, diversity, and inclusivity this Pride Month, Absolut is hosting Absolutally Pride Night in Bengaluru and it’s going to be a night to remember. There will be an exciting performance by Rani KoHeNur and you can also check out the stunning designs of Bobo Calcutta at this event. You can book your tickets here online.Where: The Lalit Ashok, Kumara Krupa Road, Kumara Park East, Seshadripuram, BengaluruWhen: June 22; 7 PM to 1 AMAlso Read: Pride Against Prejudice: Why Is June Pride Month? All You Need To Know About The History & Battle For Equality7. Rainbow Tales - Edition 2, Bengaluru[caption id="attachment_631407" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]To appreciate and honour the artists from the pride community, Rainbow Tales’ second edition will take place in Bengaluru on June 9. The event will have multiple performances like theatre, poetry reading, music, and even a drag show by some of the biggest artists from the community. You can book your tickets online here.Where: Bangalore International Centre, 7, 4th Main Rd, Stage 2, Domlur, BengaluruWhen: June 9; 5:30 PM onwards8. D.N.A - PRIDE 2024, Goa[caption id="attachment_631408" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]DNA - Definitions Not Applicable - is a vibrant celebration of Pride! Bringing together the best of music, art, and pop-up markets, this event aims to raise awareness about diversity, creativity, and inclusivity in a fun way. Entry to the event is free and you can reserve your spot online here.Where: W, Vagator Beach, GoaWhen: June 9; 5 PM onwards9. Tinder Queer Made Weekend, Delhi  A post shared by Paytm Insider (@insider.in)Tinder and Gaysi Family have joined hands to host the 3rd edition of Queer Made Weekend and it’s going to be a queer extravaganza! You can mingle with, peruse, and shop from queer entrepreneurs and small business owners, enjoy live music, eat, drink, shop, and have a fun time here. Entry to this event is free.Where: DLF Promenade, Vasant Kunj, DelhiWhen: June 15 & 16; 5 PM onwards10. Pride Bash, Gurgaon  A post shared by Unlocked (@unlocked.in)Believing in the ideology of ‘Love is Love,’ Pride Bash is the celebration of love and individuality in all forms! The party will have food, drinks, specially curated activities, and an open dance floor for you to let your hair down and have a good time. The highlight of this show is the live performance by Sagar Verma, so don’t miss it out. You can book your tickets here online.Where: Unlocked - Bar, Kitchen and Escape Room, 32nd Avenue, GurugramWhen: June 28, 8 PM onwardsAlso Read: It’s Pride Month! You Shouldn’t Miss 8 Best Pride Events Happening Around The Globe; Dates Inside11. Chennai Rainbow Pride, Chennai[caption id="attachment_631409" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)[/caption]On the last day of Pride Month, Chennai will come together for the Chennai Rainbow Pride parade. This popular pride parade is a celebration of the community by its members and allies and while the details for this year’s event aren’t out yet, it is anticipated to start from the Rajarathinam Stadium in the city.Where: Rajarathinam Stadium, Egmore, ChennaiWhen: June 30So, how are you celebrating Pride Month? Let us know in the comments!Cover Image Courtesy: Canva (representative image)
Delhiites, you have a chance to win a fully sponsored trip to Korea at this event, this June! Get ready to groove to Akasa and Raftaar, enjoy a full-blown Korean music festival, sip on delectable cocktails, go to a sneaker festival and so much more in June. The capital city is flooded with exciting events and we do not want you to miss any special upcoming events in Delhi. Check these and tag your friends and family to make your June weekends special.These Are The Top 7 June Delhi Events To Attend1. Piyush Mishra Live  A post shared by Ballimaaraan - Piyush Mishra (@ballimaaraan)Did you know that actor Piyush Mishra who is known for delivering epic characters on the big screens and OTT platforms has a musical band? It is his project called Ballimaaraan. He toured the entire world and now is in Delhi to serenade you with his creative expeditions into songs. Do not miss out on this golden opportunity to see another side of Mishra Ji, so book tickets now.Date: Jun 7Timings: 7 PM onwardsWhere: K. D. Jadhav Indoor Hall, ITO, Vikram NagarTickets: ₹499/person onwards2. India v/s Pakistan ICC Men’s T20 World Cup Fanpark  A post shared by AKASA (@akasasing)Everyone is pumped for the ICC T20 World Cup! Especially for an epic match between the neighbouring countries, India and Pakistan. The Indian cricket team is busy practising in the USA. You can enjoy a live screening event with power-packed opening events lined up before the screening. Artists like Akasa, Parmish Verma, Zakir Khan and Raftaar will be performing and you wouldn't want to miss it this time. With the onset of the live match, you may enjoy food and drinks. Isn't that a great event to attend in Delhi, cricket lovers?Date: Jun 9Timings: 4:30 PM onwardsWhere: Indira Gandhi Sports Complex, Indraprastha Estate, Grand Trunk Rd, ITO, IP EstateTickets: ₹999/person onwards3. Levi Live Event In Delhi  A post shared by Levi Neufeld (@itsdjlevi)DJ Levi is all ready to set the stage on fire, not with the extreme heatwave in Delhi, but with his groovy tunes. It is his first time performing in the capital! We are sure you have heard some of his viral beats and remixes on Instagram reels. Still unsure about him? Head over to his official Instagram account and listen for yourself, you will identify his work within a couple of seconds! If it feels like your jam, then book tickets for Levi.Date: Jun 9Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: To be announcedTickets: ₹799/person onwardsAlso Read: Dehradun Gets Hotpot At ₹499! Enjoy A Great Hotspot Spread With Your Friends At This Restaurant4. Sly Granny's Pasta Masterclass On Father's Day With A Special Pasta Menu[caption id="attachment_626450" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture Credits: Press Release[/caption]Sly Granny launched an exclusive menu of pasta, hand-crafted with love, care and the finest ingredients. Celebrate this Father’s Day with your lovely dad and mom by booking a slot here. Enjoy a masterclass by learning the art of pasta-making by experts. Make memories and unforgettable pasta shapes while indulging in their appetising pasta menu for this summer. Experience some of the finest taste of Italy through Caramelle, Pansotti, Carbonara and Bolognese.Date: Jun 14Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: Sly Granny, Khan Market5. India Korea Music Festival  A post shared by India Korea Music Festival (@indiakoreamusicfestival)Readers, you will surely say ‘saranghae’ to us when you learn that there is a fabulous India Korea Music Festival in Noida! Yes, you read that right. It is the biggest Korean cultural event in Delhi where famous Korean brands will present their products for skincare, hair care and more. There are singing events lined up with top K-pop music producers and directors as judges. The winner gets a chance to grab an entirely funded trip to Korea, woohoo!Date: Jun 14 - 16Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: International Trade Expo Centre Limited, National Highway 24, Block A, Industrial Area, Sector 62, NoidaTickets: ₹199/person onwards6. World Class Cocktail Festival  A post shared by World Class Cocktail Festival (@worldclasscocktailfestival)Delhi folks above the age of 25 years, get ready to responsibly enjoy an exquisite cocktail festival this June. This fun event in Delhi lets you sip, savour and celebrate extravagant spirits from India and around the world. Not just that, there are live performances, pop-ups and even cocktail workshops you can attend to learn some skills. Cheers!Date: Jun 15 - 16Timings: 4 PM onwardsWhere: DLF Surface Parking 3, Sector 24, GurugramTickets: ₹800/person onwards7. Indian Sneaker Festival  A post shared by Indian Sneaker Festival (@indiansneakerfestival)Calling out to all the sneakerheads and streetwear lovers in Delhi, it is your time to shine and spend a couple of bucks on the latest collection of brand-new sneakers from 50 iconic brands. Have an amazing time at the Indian Sneaker Festival where fashion meets music. Do not skip out on the culinary delights and beverages at this event in Delhi; head back home with a filled heart, tummies and sneaker bags!Date: Jun 15Timings: 1 PM onwardsWhere: A DOT by GNH, DLF Phase 3, Sector 24, GurugramTickets: ₹899/person onwardsAlso Read: From Fireflies Festival 2024 To IND V/S PAK World Cup Screening, 7 Upcoming June Mumbai Events To AttendTickets for these events are available on Bookmyshow and Paytm Insider.Happy June, Delhi!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/icc and worldclasscocktailfestival 
Delhiites, May is here and so are we with an epic event listing! From spooky haunted events to rewatching Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani and dancing your hearts out to its catchy songs to sipping wine on a beautiful evening, Delhi has got it all figured out for this month. Share this with your friends and family and plan your calendar for May. An eventful month awaits you!8 Best Events In Delhi To Not Miss Out This May1. Fun N Food Water Park  A post shared by Fun N Food Park (@funnfoodpark)Remember when your parents used to take you to Fun N Food Water Park as soon as your summer holidays began? Well, summer vacations are here and what better way to beat this heat than swimming! Here, you have thrilling water slides and if you are a water sports enthusiast, this one is perfect for you. There are rides excluding water as well. So you can remain squeaky clean and dry to enjoy the entire fun-filled day with your friends or siblings. Look out for other recreational activities here and make the most of them.Date: May 1 - 31When: 10 AM onwardsWhere: Fun N Food Water Park, Kapas HeraPrice: ₹1499/person onwards2. Cinco de Mayo 2024 With Patron Tequila  A post shared by KHI KHI (@khikhidelhi)The popular Mexican festival, Cinco de Mayo, is celebrated to commemorate the victory of the Mexican army. This time, even you can celebrate this great day and enjoy delicious cocktails prepared with the exciting Patron Tequila and groove to electrifying beats. If you are a Margarita lover, this event is straight up your alley, as you will get to taste various crafted drinks as well. Let’s get boozy this May with Patron Tequila!Date: May 10When: 7 PM onwardsWhere: KHI KHI, Basant Lok, Vasant Vihar3. SCC SkyCinema - Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani  A post shared by Sunset Cinema Club (@clubsunsetcinema)How badtameez is your dil? Let’s rewind to the golden year of 2013 when Naina, Bunny, Aditi and Avi ruled everyone’s hearts and re-ignited the urge to go to the mountains with your friends! SCC is back with another movie this month and it is none other than, Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani! Plan a cute movie date with your lover with this great event in Delhi for May.Date: May 4When: 7 PM onwardsWhere: Omaxe Chandini ChowkPrice: ₹500/person onwards4. Kombucha Koolers Masterclass  A post shared by Foodstories India (@foodstories_in)This exciting event in Delhi will instruct you to make some of the best summer cooler drinks, incorporating the goodness of kombucha. Kombucha is loaded with probiotics, which is good for your gut! You may enjoy making and sipping it in the scorching heat of Delhi. This is a collaboration with Odd Fellows and Foodstories, wherein you will also receive goody bags as well. How exciting!Date: May 5When: 4 PM onwardsWhere: Foodstories, Ambience Mall, Vasant KunjPrice: ₹499/person onwards5. Verona Vineyard  A post shared by @home_delhiHave you been looking for wine-tasting events in Delhi? We got you covered! This is an event for all wine lovers to enjoy at Delhi’s finest cocktail bar, sip on various wines and have fruitful conversations with other wine cognoscenti. Isn't that such a wonderful event to attend in May? Tell your booze buddies about this one.Date: May 5When:  1 PM onwardsWhere: Home Delhi, Ambience Mall, Vasant KunjPrice: Free6. Delhi International Fashion Week - DIFW' SS24  A post shared by Sanjay kannan (@kannan_sanjay)Calling out to all the fashion lovers! Attend this exciting fashion event of May 2024,  open to the public for the first time. This will showcase enchanting apparel from over 10 designers from around the globe by some 30 models. If you purchase VVIP tickets you will have the opportunity to attend the after-party as well. You will also get to sip on great drinks and munchies during the live show. Date: May 9When: 6 PM onwardsWhere: Radisson Blu, Dwarka Sector 13Price: ₹4999/person onwards7. Jashn-e-Qawwali By Niazi Brothers  A post shared by Nizami Brothers® (@qawwalnizamibrothers)This event in Delhi is a fundraising qawwali night featuring the internationally renowned Niazi Brothers from Rampur. The vocalists will be Shahid Niazi and Sami Niaz, along with Mukarram Niazi, Hamid Hussain, Mohammad Rafi, Krishna, Wasif Niazi, and Vijay Kumar. This is a collaboration between the Wishes and Blessings NGO to raise funds for WB Rasoi. Have a soulful evening with your family and friends and enjoy captivating and powerful voices!Date: May 10When: 7 PM onwardsWhere: Kamani AuditoriumPrice: ₹499/person onwards8. Haunted Heritage WalkDeep in the central ridge forest near Malcha Mahal is tje medieval dargah of Khwaja Moluddin Chisti.Known for his generosity he gets many visitors.One has to be careful of the monkeys though pic.twitter.com/wECf1gd6Kq— Hazrat-e-Dilli (@DilliKiRanaiyan) November 21, 2019If you are someone who is obsessed with paranormal activities, then we have a great option for you! There is a haunted heritage walk happening in Delhi this month! Many popular walks are focusing the heritage and beauty of Delhi but at Malcha Mahal, it is a haunted affair. Get ready to send a chill down your spine by booking your slot for this event and get to know the history of this 14th-century hunting lodge built by Sultan Firoz Shah Tughlaq. One of the Nawabs of Awadh died here and is now a private property where animal and tantric rituals take place.Date: May 19When: 4:30 PM onwardsWhere: Malcha Mahal, MalchaPrice: ₹650/person onwardsAlso Read: Mumbai, Gear Up For 7 Events In May! From Pride Film Festival 2024 To Kailash Kher Live &#038; MoreTickets are available on Bookmyshow and Paytm Insider, head over and book your tickets before you miss your choice.Cover Image Courtesy: IMDb and Canva
The temperature is rising in Delhi but that is not going to stop Delhiites from enjoying, singing our favourite songs with our favourite artists, IPL season, good gastronomical experiences and more. This time Delhi has a lot of exciting events planned for April! Do share this list with your friends and family and book tickets before you lose your chance to have a gala time.Delhi People, Get Ready To Enjoy These 9 Amazing Events1. Horn OK Please 12.0  A post shared by Horn OK Please (@hornokpleasefest)Horn OK Please is back in Delhi with its 12th edition. Delhiites love this event so much that it is hosting this gastronomical affair again and again. Get to shop from cool homegrown brands, sip on delicious cocktails and groove to a fantastic line-up of popular artists. This event is perfect for three blissful days of non-stop entertainment and gorging of delectable food.Date: Apr 5- 9Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: JLN Stadium, Gate No. 14Price: ₹99/person onwards2. Introduction to Colour Associations and Colour Psychology  A post shared by Anupama/tota Chatterjee Hara (@tota.hara.art)People who are always in awe of colour and how colour psychology works, this is your chance to gain knowledge about this art form. A three-hour session hosted by Anupama Chatterjee Hara will enlighten you about interactive conversations about colour theory. Pantone who? Date: Apr 6Timings: 11 AM onwardsWhere: Kiran Nadar Museum of Art, SaketPrice: ₹50/person3. DC vs MI IPL 2024 LIVE SCREENING  A post shared by Mumbai Indians (@mumbaiindians)*The IPL jingle starts playing* Everyone is excited because IPL is back! If you are a mad cricket fan and have been keeping a tab on the matches then you know it is quite an exciting season, this time. Even though, this time there are no live matches in Delhi, many places are holding screenings of matches. Cricket lovers, Mumbai Indians supporters and Delhi Capitals supporters make their way to this live screening at SMAAASH.Date: Apr 7Timings: 3:30 PM onwardsWhere: SMAAASH, Radisson Blu, Sector 13, DwarkaPrice: ₹499/person onwards4. Linkin Park Tribute By Nemophilis ft. Rishin Dharap  A post shared by Imperfecto Patio (@imperfectopatio_)You tried so hard and got how far? Hold on, you don't have to go anywhere because Nemophilis is here with a banging tribute to Linkin Park in Delhi! We already know the event is going to be electrifying along with some rock music. Tag your buddies who truly madly love Linkin Park and enjoy a gala evening.Date: Apr 14Timings: 8 PM onwardsWhere: Informal, Tolstoy Lane, JanpathPrice: ₹499/person onwards5. World Jazz Festival  A post shared by Banyan Tree Events (@banyan_tree_events)If you are a fan of Jazz, this event in Delhi is right up your alley! Plan an eventful evening with your fellow jazz lovers and geek out at the magnificent festival dedicated to the world of Jazz. This is a collaboration between Banyan Tree and Amersfoort Jazz Festival from The Netherlands and is back for its fourth instalment across the metropolitan cities of India. Book your tickets to witness renowned artists like Abdullah Ibrahim, Horace Silver and John Coltrane.Date: Apr 18Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: Kamani AuditoriumPrice: ₹750/person onwardsAlso Read: From Comic Con To BMW Joytown, 8 Wonderful Events You Have To Attend In Mumbai This Month6. Qawwali By Nizami Bandhu  A post shared by NIZAMI BANDHU (@nizamibandhu)If you are a die-hard fan of the song, Kun Faya Kun from the film Rockstar, then you have to attend this extraordinary event in Delhi. Get ready to immerse yourself in a magical night with the talented Indian musical group, Nizami Bandhu, consisting of Ustad Chand Nizami, Shadab Faridi and Sohrab Faridi Nizami. They were the featured musicians performing in Rockstar and Bajrangi Bhaijaan.Date: Apr 20Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: Kamani AuditoriumPrice: ₹499/person onwards7. SCC SkyCinema - Jab We Met  A post shared by Sunset Cinema Club (@clubsunsetcinema)This time, SCC is playing with everyone’s hearts! Watching the iconic film, Jab We Met with your beloved mein apni favourite hoon at this open-air cinema event. Under the stars in Chandni Chowk, munching on buttery popcorn while you are in your boo’s arms is one of the cutest date ideas ever. This event in Delhi will hit the jackpot, if you are looking to impress your date, we guarantee you!Date: Apr 21Timings: 6:30 PM onwardsWhere: Omaxe Chowk, HC Sen Marg, Chhippy Wada, Old DelhiPrice: ₹550/person onwards8. SUMMER SUNDOWNER FESTIVAL[caption id="attachment_598552" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Credits: Canva[/caption]Another amazing event in Delhi that you should look for is SUMMER SUNDOWNER. Here you will get a culmination of food, music, art, booze and a merry atmosphere to enjoy the summer in Delhi. They even have a fantastic line of more than 20 artists and a total of more than 100 pop-ups.Date: Apr 27 - 28Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: Major Dhyan Chand National StadiumPrice: ₹99/person onwards9. The Locavore’s Birthday Potluck  A post shared by Thomas Zacharias (@cheftzac)The Locavore is responsible for tackling various food situations for the local Indian food systems. This year, they are celebrating their second birthday with Chef Thomas! There is a grand meetup for all food lovers and sustainability through a sweet potluck. This event will focus on local-centric food culture. Click here to register for this around-the-sun potluck.Date: Apr 7 Timings: 4 PM onwardsAlso Read: 8 Best Summer Coolers To Have In Delhi This SeasonIf you are interested in the above events, then head over to the websites of PayTM and BookMyShow for tickets. Happy April!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/nizamibandhu & linkinpark 
Picture this: you're seated at an exquisitely set table, surrounded by an air of anticipation so thick you can practically taste it. The room is alive with a symphony of colours and sounds, as if you've stepped into a vibrant, otherworldly dimension. This isn't just dinner; it's an immersive dining experience unlike anything you've ever encountered before. Welcome to 'Le Petit Chef & Friends' at Shangri-La Eros New Delhi. Last night, I had the privilege of delving into this captivating world where Le Petit Chef and his friends dazzled me and my fellow diners with their culinary prowess and endearing charm.Inside My Spectacular Evening With Le Petit Chef & Friends[caption id="attachment_592215" align="alignnone" width="770"] Photo Credits: Mallika Khurana[/caption]Imagine a scene where your plate becomes a stage and the tiniest of chefs, the 6-inch tall Le Petit himself is accompanied by his talented comrades. The fiery Pequeña Maria hailing from the vibrant streets of Spain, the charming Piccolo Luciano bringing the essence of Italy to life, and the meticulous Chisano Takahiro represented the culinary prowess of Japan. As I settled into my seat, the lights dimmed, signalling the start of the show. The room came alive with the vibrant energy of the petit chefs and their friends, projected on my table through innovative 3D mapping technology. It was like stepping into a magical world. The introduction of the chefs was captivating, setting the stage for the culinary journey that lay ahead. We were not just invited to enjoy the flavours but also to witness a thrilling virtual cooking competition unfold before our very eyes. With exclusive props adorning the stage and live hosts guiding the proceedings, every moment is infused with drama and excitement. Who will emerge victorious and claim the coveted 'Golden Hat' award? The answer lies in the hands of fate and the discerning palates of the diners.Also Read: This Place In Hyderabad Makes 1,000 Kg Biryani With 140 Kg Of Mutton & 150 Kg Rice!Experiencing The Magic Of Flavours[caption id="attachment_592214" align="alignnone" width="770"] Photo Credits: Mallika Khurana[/caption]The first course, prepared by Chef Maria from Spain, was a delightful Chicken Mortadella salad. The flavours were fresh and vibrant, with each bite a symphony of taste sensations. It was my personal favourite and the perfect way to start the evening, setting the tone for what was to come.Next up was Piccolo Luciano from Italy, who wowed me with his Liquid Parmigiano Reggiano. The dish was a revelation, with the cheese melting in your mouth and leaving you craving for more. It delivered exactly what was promised, a lot of cheesy goodness. But of course, Le Petit Chef himself couldn't be outdone. He presented a mouthwatering Braised Lamb Rump that was nothing short of perfection. The meat was tender and succulent, with flavours that were outmatched.And let's not forget about Chisano Takahiro from Japan, who brought the evening to a sweet conclusion with his Green Tea Cake. The dessert was a delicate balance of flavours, with the subtle bitterness of the green tea perfectly complementing the sweetness of the cake. And let’s not forget, the tiny chefs made all these dishes in front of us before we got to savour them.Also Read: This Holi, Stir Up Some Fun With These 10 Festive Cocktail Recipes!Golden Hats And Gastronomic Glory[caption id="attachment_592217" align="alignnone" width="770"] Photo Credits: Mallika Khurana[/caption]Throughout the evening, each course was expertly paired with sparkling white wine. It was a true feast for the senses, with every detail meticulously curated to ensure an unforgettable dining experience. Finally, it was time to find out whose culinary skills managed to please the most diners. We all clapped for our favourite course out of the four and the one with the loudest applause would win. As the final applause rang out and Piccolo Luciano was crowned the winner, I couldn't help but feel a sense of awe and wonder at the incredible journey I had just embarked on. It was an experience unlike any other, one that would stay with you long after the last bite had been savoured.In conclusion, my experience at 'Le Petit Chef & Friends' was nothing short of extraordinary. From the immersive technology to the exquisite cuisine, every detail was carefully crafted to create a truly unforgettable dining experience. It's an experience that I will cherish and one that I will be eager to share with friends and family.So, what are you waiting for? Prepare to be amazed as Le Petit Chef transports you to a world where culinary creativity knows no bounds. Where: 19, Ashoka Rd, Janpath, Connaught Place, New DelhiWhen: Wednesday - Friday For Dinner; Saturdays And Sunday For Lunch And DinnerCost: starting at ₹4,500++Cover Image Courtesy: Mallika KhuranaFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
Yeh Delhi hai mere yaar! Bas ishq, mohabbat, pyaar! Delhi never seems to leave any stone unturned when it comes to its rich heritage, architecture, traditions and more. This time, it is Delhi Tourism that has taken the initiative to host heritage walks around the city. The ongoing festival, ‘Delhi Tourism Walk Festival 2024’ started on 17th February and is on till March 31. A date with the magnificent Delhi during the last fleeting days of winter sun along with your loved ones would be such a great idea!Delhi Tourism’s Walk Festival Is To Explore The Unexplored Stories Of Delhi  A post shared by Darwesh (@darwesh_taleweavers)Delhiites, it is time to soak in the glory of our city, Delhi and know it deeper and better through heritage and monuments. Delhi Tourism Walk Festival 2024 is open to the general public. They can book tickets for guided tours by historians, scholars and storytellers for 50 brilliant monuments in Delhi. The idea behind this is to make people aware of the hidden and forgotten stories of historical times. Through this, you can also immerse in the transition of essence from olden times to modern Delhi.  A post shared by Delhi Tourism (@delhitourism_official)One of the good things is that you get the knowledge of the rich heritage of Delhi in a very affordable way. Delhi Tourism is doing it in the right way! Their walks are curated specially, keeping everyone in mind, with themes like history, untold stories of ghosts or djinns, partition times, cinema, food, architecture and more. This is a one-time chance to know saddi Delhi dil se, hence don't miss out!Also Read: From Gardens To Monuments, Explore Delhi With 'City Girls Who Walk Delhi', A Women-Led Travel ClubYou May Also Check Out Food Events & Pottery Exploration  A post shared by Delhi Tourism (@delhitourism_official)Delhi Tourism Walk Festival 2024 has covered almost 50 heritage spots in Delhi. There is a surprise element, the walks are not just limited to monuments but other important things as well. You can participate in food walks in Old Delhi and there is a special one for just Mughlai food! As a Delhiite, I can guarantee, the food is going to be heavenly!  A post shared by Delhi Tourism (@delhitourism_official)Then there is one for a pottery village called ‘’Kumharon-ki-Basti, cinephiles should book for ‘Dilli Ka Cinema’ and nature enthusiasts should do ‘Trees Walk’. You even have the opportunity to enjoy the festival of Holi with the Delhi Tourism Walk Festival 2024 for ‘DILLI ke Rang Holi K sang’! Looks like their schedule is well curated as well and can't get any more Delhi-coded than this.Also Read: Finally, Bangalore’s Famous, Lavonne Café, Is Here In Delhi! Has Cute Croissant-Shaped Lights; Serves Crossiants, Coffee & MoreAre you ready to explore the heritage of Delhi like never before? Click here to book your tickets.Dil se Dilli!Date: On till March 31Cost: ₹500/personCover Image Credits: Instagram/delhitourism_officialFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
If you are someone who scrolls Instagram reels all day long, then you might have come across a reel where a girl from March 2023 questions if any girl from Delhi will join an only-girls club for Delhi walks. She fast-forwards to clips of all the exciting, joyful and successful walks held over the past year! We are talking about City Girls Who Walk Delhi, India's first women-only walking and social club. The girl in the reel is the owner, Manisha Kalra. It is breaking stereotypes on many levels and is gaining popularity for connecting like-minded women through the elements of beautiful Delhi, walking, history, safety and more.Girlies Can Now Explore The Beautiful Delhi With City Girls Who Walk Delhi!  A post shared by @citygirlswhowalkdelhiCity Girls Who Walk Delhi is a women-led organisation that focuses on bringing together women from all walks of life to explore the beautiful lanes of Delhi including its history. Manisha Kalra started on this beautiful journey on March 25th, 2023 with just seven girls showing up for the walk. Now, she has walked all over Delhi with 4000 and more women while engaging in healthy conversations!  A post shared by @citygirlswhowalkdelhiAll you gotta do is keep an eye out on their Insta page, Telegram and WhatsApp groups for their slots on Saturdays early in the morning at around 9 or 10. Every other weekend, the walk is hosted at a different location like Amrit Udayan, Lodhi Garden, Purana Quila, Deer Park, Garden of 5 Senses, Sunder Nursery and more. The best part about City Girls Who Walk Delhi? You do not need to enrol anywhere or book your slots because no membership is required.  A post shared by @citygirlswhowalkdelhiThese walks are free, you just have to follow their social media and announcements done on it. Hence, best for women who make spontaneous plans with their girlies! City Girls Who Walk Delhi reveals the location of their Saturday walk three to two days prior and the walk generally lasts for about two hours or so. If you have a furry friend, you may tag them along for this activity too!Also Read: Finally, Bangalore’s Famous, Lavonne Café, Is Here In Delhi! Has Cute Croissant-Shaped Lights & Serves Crossiants, Coffee & MoreFun Activities Lined-Up After The Walk  A post shared by @citygirlswhowalkdelhiThis club doesn't just host walks in Delhi but also inculcates various other activities like yoga, dancing and more. So it is not just walk, talk and see, it is much more! There are more bonding activities; recently they hosted a Zumba after the walk to release more endorphins and be active. Isn't that great, just girls living and loving what they do?  A post shared by @citygirlswhowalkdelhiSubtly, City Girls Who Walk Delhi is inculcating exercises and body movement activities for women. In a city like Delhi, you get to enjoy, explore, burn a few calories, make great connections with like-minded people and be safe. This club is promoting a safe space for women without tackling societal challenges and norms and indeed is a great initiative.Also Read: Jee Karda Star Aashim Gulati Reveals His Fave Momo Place In Delhi & Why Everyone Must Try It OutTo join the walk for next week, click here for City Girls Who Walk Delhi’s WhatsApp group.Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/citygirlswhowalkdelhiFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
Delhiites get ready to groove to some of the greatest Bollywood songs and sip on great cocktails while also laughing out loud this March! If you are planning for a great march and want to know what events are planned in Delhi, then you are on the right track. Share this with your friends and family and book your tickets for these events in Delhi ASAP before they sell out! Now, let’s go!7 Upcoming Events In Delhi You Have To Attend This March1. Sunidhi Chauhan Live  A post shared by Sunidhi Chauhan (@sunidhichauhan5)When Sunidhi Chauhan said she was home, she actually meant it! Her current tour ‘I Am Home’ was pulsating through the lands of abroad and now this talented singer is home, India. She is back from her sensational international tour and will start from New Delhi. You absolutely shouldn't miss her electrifying performances of songs like ‘beedi jalaile jigar se piya, jigar ma badi aag hai..’ *brb going to book tickets NOW because jigar ma badi aag hai*Date: Mar 2Timings: 6 PM onwardsWhere: Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Pragati ViharPrice: ₹499/person onwards2. BIRA 91’s 9th at Taproom With Khullar G Live  A post shared by KhullarG (@thekhullarg)Beer lovers, listen up! This is a hip-hop event that in is lieu of the 9th birthday celebration of BIRA 91. They have planned some of the dynamic performances by Khullar G and Thugs From Overseas® aka TFO at Saket. You may immerse in great brews, live music and a fun evening.Date: Mar 2Timings: 9 PM onwardsWhere: BIRA 91 Taproom Saket3. India Cocktail Week  A post shared by India Cocktail Week (@indiacocktailweek)Free-flowing yummy cocktails and fun activities are back in the town of Delhi. ICW is back with an amazing event in Delhi. So immerse yourself in this crazy event where you can try multiple brands of alcohol with more than 30 pop-up bars. What's more is that there is art, culinary delights, music and unlimited fun. So, grab your friends who are cocktail lovers!Date: Mar 9 - 10Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 2Price: ₹499 /person4. DANIEL SLOSS: CAN’T - India Tour ‘24  A post shared by Daniel Sloss (@danielsloss)He's back with his explosive gigs in India, just like he promised last year! This time he will cover eight mega cities of India and Delhi is one of them. This Scottish comedian is well-known for openly cracking jokes about sexual assault, the value of sex education and more. You will be sloss-ing over his witty remarks and shouldn't miss out on this event in Delhi. He ever wrote a book, ‘Everyone You Hate is Going to Die’, typical Sloss behaviour with the naming of this!Date: Mar 15Timings: 7 PMWhere: Siri Fort AuditoriumPrice: ₹999/person onwardsAlso Read: From Ed Sheeran Tour To Daniel Sloss 'Can't', Bookmark These 8 Events In Mumbai That Are Lined Up In March5. Kathakar International Storytellers Festival  A post shared by Kathakar - International Storytellers Festival (@kathakarfest)The 17th edition of the Kathakar International Storytellers Festival is coming to Delhi in March. With extremely legendary artists like Gulzar, Mohit Chauhan and Prem Chopra gracing the audience, it is a much-awaited festival. This event will start with a piano recital by students of AR Rahman’s K M Music Conservatory! If you love storytelling, poetry and music then book your tickets.Date: Mar 17Timings: 4 PM onwardsWhere: Pragati MaidanPrice: ₹1000/person onwards6. HT City Unwind 2024  A post shared by HT City Unwind (@htcityunwind)If you are an avid reader of the Hindustan Times newspaper, then you are aware they are gearing up for the Third edition of HT City Unwind. With delectable food items, pop-ups, drinks and a great artist line-up for exceptional entertainment, this event in Delhi is a must. Especially for those who want to engage in fun-filled activities at their MasterChef zone. You will meet Amit Trivedi, Guru Randhawa, Rashmeet Kaur and more.Date: Mar 16 - 17Timings: 12 PM onwardsWhere: JLN stadium Gate No. 2Price: ₹399/person onwards7. Sunburn Holi Weekend Ft. Marshmello  A post shared by marshmello (@marshmello)Holi means slathering your loved ones with strong colours, eating delish homemade food and unlimited fun and laughter. What if I told you, you could celebrate this Holi with Marshmello in Delhi? Yes, you heard that right, this colourful event in Delhi is a fun way to end this month, right? Groove to his popular songs like Silence, Wolves and Friends while sipping cocktails and playing Holi.Date: Mar 23Timings: 5 PM onwardsWhere: Backyard Sports Club, Sector 59, GurugramPrice: ₹999/personAlso Read: Finally, Bangalore’s Famous, Lavonne Café, Is Here In Delhi! Has Cute Croissant-Shaped Lights & Serves Crossiants, Coffee & MoreFor tickets, go to the websites of Zomato Live, BookMyShow and PayTM Insider and have a fun-filled March.Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/sunidhichauhan5 and marshmelloFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
We are firm believers in the saying that laughter is the best form of therapy! Especially when the source of laughter is one of the best comedians in the world - Russell Peters! Zomato Live is bringing Russell Peters’ “Act Your Age” tour to three cities in India - Delhi, Mumbai, and Bengaluru from February 29 to March 3. And if you wish to laugh out loud, then you cannot miss out on this experience. Read on to know all the details about these shows.India's Laughter Metre To Hit The Roof With Russell Peters  A post shared by Russell Peters (@russellpeters)After captivating audiences across 23 countries, Russell Peters is bringing his “Act Your Age” tour to India! After performing in Chicago, New York, Dubai, and Canada, Russell has come to India for a three-show tour. Courtesy of Zomato Live, he’ll be performing in Delhi, Mumbai, and Bengaluru as part of this tour.He will start the tour in Delhi on February 28 at Yashobhoomi (India International Convention & Expo Centre) in Dwarka. He’ll then fly to Mumbai on March 1 and perform at the Jio World Convention Centre. Finally, his last stop will be in Bengaluru on March 3 at NICE Ground, Bengaluru. You can book your tickets for all three shows on Zomato Live’s website here.‘Act Your Age’ Tour - What To Expect  A post shared by Russell Peters (@russellpeters)Known for his razor-sharp wit, Russell Peters is inarguably one of the best stand-up comedians in the world and you cannot miss the chance to catch him live. In his ‘Act Your Age’ special, Russell will share his unique and hilarious take on parenting, marriage, cancel culture, ageing, Gen Z, anxiety, and much more. And in true desi style, he holds nothing back! With his loud, accurate, and oh-so-relatable humour, you can laugh out loud and have a good time.So, are you excited to laugh till your belly hurts with Russell Peters? Let us know in the comments!Cover Image Courtesy: Instagram/@russellpetersFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
