Always been fascinated by scuba diving after watching Kabir, Imran and Arjun in Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara experience this exhilarating sport? Well, you can now get a glance at what it is like to do indoor scuba diving right in Hyderabad! Enjoy a great indoor scuba diving show with stunning mermaids and an underwater tunnel filled with adorable fishes. *Glub glab all the way*Enjoy Indoor Scuba Diving Show & Underwater Tunnel In Hyderabad  A post shared by Curly Tales | A Fork Media Group Co. (@curly.tales)Hyderabad’s Underwater Fish Tunnel and Scuba Diving at Marine Park Exhibition presents a fabulous indoor scuba diving show. Along with this, you may fulfil your childhood dream of watching majestic mermaids! The scuba divers will showcase their underwater skills and blow you an aquatic bubbly kiss while mermaids show tricks with their flexible bodies.After that, there is a long underwater tunnel filled with colourful sea creatures. Here you can get the thrills of Dubai's underwater tunnel aquarium in the city of Hyderabad at an extremely affordable price! We know you are already planning to click aesthetic pictures under this appealing underwater tunnel. Then, gaze at numerous fishes roaming right above your head.Also Read: Hyderabad’s 430-YO Badshahi Ashurkhana Is A Reminder Of Architectural Splendor Of Bygone EraIts Entrance Is Interesting!Tunnel Fish Aquarium at Kukatpally Exhibition is the new attraction in the cityWith thousands of visitors everyday is now the busiest evening spot in Hyderabad pic.twitter.com/87V4msdpdM— Jagan Patimeedi (@JAGANBRS) May 7, 2023If you grew up watching water-related movies, then you might have seen an extremely dangerous fish with a lightbulb antenna on its head. Yes, we are talking about anglerfish. It is a bony fish which lures sea creatures with its luminescent light. No, the Underwater Fish Tunnel and Scuba Diving does not have this fish but its entrance is inspired by anglerfish’s skeleton.This gives a unique touch to this new experience in the city and as the sun sets, the skeleton of anglerfish lights up in vibrant blue colour. A reference to its luminescent light emitted to catch its prey. Likewise, you walk the steps and enter the exhibition through its giant skeletal body.Also Read: 12 Best Breakfast Places In Hyderabad To Start Your Day In A Delicious WayThis indoor scuba diving is an extremely unique experience in Hyderabad! Make sure to take your kids and friends to Underwater Fish Tunnel and Scuba Diving this summer vacation.Where: Kukatpally, Metro Shopping Mall, Pillay No. A836, Y- Junction, HyderabadWhen: 4 PM - 10 PMCost: ₹150/personCover Image Courtesy: Internal
Imagine visiting a concert and someone asks you to fall asleep. Sounds unusual, right? Well, this is NOT something weird or unusual but rather a growing trend all around the world. Here, I am talking about Sleep Concerts! On the occasion of World Sleep Day, Centuary Mattress is hosting a grand sleep concert. Are you hearing about something like this for the first time? Well, let me take you through a virtual journey of such events and the arrangements for these.Centuary Mattress Hosts A Sleep Concert In Hyderabad[caption id="attachment_588922" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- Canva[/caption]World Sleep Day is celebrated on March 15 and on this special day dedicated to raising awareness for the importance of sleep, Centuary Mattress is hosting a sleep concert in Hyderabad. Well, it is not just any random event but the "Largest Qoolest Sleep Concert". This unique sleep-inducing event is being organised in collaboration with Big FM. There are many interesting elements added to it and here's all you need to know about it.Hundreds of people are participating in this sleep concert. One of the biggest highlights is the inclusion of the Swaram Band. While listening to the magical tunes of Swaram Band, they fall asleep, relax, and unwind. To check out the event, you can scroll through the social media accounts of Centuary Mattress.Mr. Uttam Malani, the Centuary Mattress Executive Director, shared how the brand aims to "underscore the profound significance of quality sleep in nurturing the physical and mental well-being". They are hosting the event by blending music and relaxation beautifully. Centuary Mattress attempts to raise awareness about sound sleep with the help of music. He also emphasised how sleeping for 8 hours is a minimum physical requirement.Also read: Aditya Narayan Loses Cool During Concert. Grabs Fan's Phone & Throws It In Crowd; Netizens ReactAre Sleep Concerts Effective?[caption id="attachment_588929" align="alignnone" width="770"] Picture credit- Canva[/caption]There are some positive impacts of such similar sleep concerts. By participating in one of these events, participants can feel "enriching and rejuvenating sleeping experiences". Soothing music plays a significant role in sleep concerts and helps participants fall asleep and sleep soundly. It has a major positive impact on wellbeing. It also helps in relaxing the body and mind.Also read: After An Electrifying Concert Debut In India, Nick Jonas Visited Koishii, Mumbai&#8217;s Nikkei Cuisine HotspotHave you participated in sleep concerts before?Cover Image Courtesy: CanvaFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and the latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.
Raise your hands if you are an art enthusiast! If you wish to witness the magnificence of the legendary Vincent Van Gogh's magical paintings just like me, looks like we are both in for a grand treat. 4 cities in India are ready to host the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience for the first time and it is beginning with Chennai. Gear up to escape to a surreal world of artistic brilliance.Chennai Is Hosting The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience This FebruaryTaking to Instagram, the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global) shared the grand news of the extraordinary event coming up in India.  A post shared by The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global)It is time to experience the world of art in the most special way as the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience is all set to come to India and impress art lovers with immersive experiences. This time, the event is touring in 4 cities; Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Pune. Known as the first of its kind in India, Chennai is the host city of the event's much-awaited debut.We are so excited as the time has come to bless our eyes and hearts by witnessing Van Gogh's world-renowned grandeur. Chennai is hosting the Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience at the Express Avenue Mall, starting from February 2 to 20, 2024. Following Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Pune will be the host cities of these splendid experiences. The dates and venues for these places are yet to be announced.  A post shared by Curly Tales | A Fork Media Group Co. (@curly.tales)It won't be exaggerated if we compare the upcoming event with something larger than life or vastly extravagant. To immerse in Van Gogh's creations and enjoy their charm has always been on the bucket list of enthusiasts fascinated with his paintings. This spectacular creative immersion is not just about presenting extraordinary graphics but also about taking a trip to Van Gogh's vibrant world.Also read: Back For Its 7th Edition, Here’s What To Expect At Old Monk Fest, A Nostalgia-Filled Spirited EventWhat All To Expect At This Enchanting Show?  A post shared by The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience (@vangogh.global)The Real Van Gogh Immersive Experience is here to go beyond seeing traditional art. The credit for this goes to technological advancements. Running for approximately 30 minutes, the event showing Van Gogh's post-impressionist world will be executed with 20,000 high-resolution projectors, 33 million+ pixels, and 10,000+ square feet of projections.Also read: What Is Goa&#8217;s International Purple Fest, A One-Of-A-Kind Event For Disable People? Dates &#038; Details HereAre you ready to witness the glory of masterpieces like Starry Night and Sunflowers?Event: Van Gogh ExperienceWhere: Express Avenue Mall, ChennaiDates: February 2 – February 20, 2024When: 10 AM – 10 PMPrice: ₹799 (Early Bird)Cover Image Courtesy: Paytm InsiderFor more such snackable content, interesting discoveries and latest updates on food, travel and experiences in your city, download the Curly Tales App. Download HERE.Good news! We are on WhatsApp! Subscribe to Curly Tales WhatsApp Channel to stay up-to-date with exclusive content and BTS. Join HERE.
India has a rich history and one of the biggest treasures to come out of it is Yoga. Yoga’s impact can be seen not only just within the Indian civilisation but also in the world at large. To commemorate this ancient and beneficial practice, Hyderabad is celebrating Yoga Mahotsav this weekend. According to reports, many celebrities and government officials will be in attendance. The Mahotsav is an effort to encourage common folk to incorporate yoga into their daily lives.Yoga Mahotsav In Hyderabad; All You Need To Know[caption id="attachment_435156" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Credits: Canva Images (Representational)[/caption]Hyderabad is all set to celebrate Yoga on a large scale. In order to encourage everybody to incorporate this healthy exercise, the officials of Morarji Desai National Institute of Yoga or the MDNIY decided to organise this Mahotsav.The Mahotsav will take place this weekend, on the 27th of May, Saturday. It will happen at Parade Grounds in Secunderabad. According to an article by the Hindustan Times, G Kishan Reddy, the Union Tourism and Culture Minister, in a press release stated that many government officials have been invited.These include the Chief Minister of Telangana K Chandrasekhar Rao, the Governor of Telangana Tamilisai Soundararajan, as well as the Finance and Health Minister of Telangana T Harish Rao.Also Read: This Saturday You Can Participate In A Free Yoga Event And Set The Guinness World Record!To Encourage People To Incorporate It In Their Lives[caption id="attachment_435155" align="alignnone" width="770"] Image Credits: Canva Images (Representational)[/caption]The preparation of the Mahotsav is underway and it is reportedly going to be a massive affair. According to reports, the Yoga Mahotsav will witness the participation of more than 20,000 enthusiasts. Central Ministers like Sarbananda Sonowal and Anurag Singh will also attend the event.From common folk to celebrities and government officials as well as sportspersons, many significant individuals are also likely to attend this event. The Mahostav is being celebrated ahead of International Yoga Day which is celebrated on the 21st of June. The event will help showcase the richness and benefits of Yoga to the world at large.Also Read: Saudi Introduces Yoga As A Part Of University Curriculum To Promote Mental & Physical WellbeingHave you tried Yoga yet? What sort of Yogic exercises do you do in your daily life besides the Shavasana? Let us know in the comments below!Cover Image Credits: Canva Images (Representational)
Vincent Van Gogh — the Dutch painter who is famous for the use of striking colour and emphatic brushwork. The contoured form in his paintings influences expressionism in modern art. During the late 20th century, he gained popularity and his paintings made record-breaking sales. To promote his noteworthy work, Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad are hosting Van Gogh 360° — an immersive way to witness Vincent Van Gogh’s artwork.Van Gogh 360° In Pune, Bangalore & Hyderabad  A post shared by Van Gogh 360º India (@vangogh360india)After the success of Van Gogh 360° in Delhi, these three cities are going to host an exhibition showcasing Vincent Van Gogh’s paintings in a brand-new immersive way. Anyone who enjoys art or is interested in virtual reality should check out this exhibition. In collaboration with the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam, Goodby Silverstein & Partners — a digital agency and VR studio, developed this project.Also Read: Khaike Paan Ambani Party Wala! Shah Rukh Khan Caught Casually Gorging On Paan At NMACC EventWhat To Expect At This Exhibition?[caption id="attachment_417226" align="alignnone" width="770"] Credits: Van Gogh 360°/ Website[/caption]An introduction to Van Gogh's life and work is given at the beginning of the Van Gogh Immersive Experience. This introduction is narrated by the letters he wrote to Theo (his brother). You may learn a lot from these letters about Van Gogh's creative process, his battles with mental illness, and his interactions with other artists of the time.Van Gogh's paintings are visible in a 360-degree setting while you wander around and listen to his commentary. Although you are actually in a virtual reality world, it feels like you are in the centre of an art exhibition!In addition to this, the exhibition has cool interactive features like experimenting with different colour palettes and creating your own version of Van Gogh’s painting. The French town of Arles, where Van Gogh once resided and worked, is also accessible through the VR experience.The town's cafes and famed Yellow House, where Van Gogh resided and painted, are both accessible on foot. The recreations' incredible attention to detail gives you the impression that you are travelling back in time and entering Van Gogh's universe.Also Read: In A First, Ayodhya To Host Ancient Sports Events & Cultural Program On Ram NavaamiVan Gogh 360 is an experience that you won't want to miss, whether you love art, VR technology, or are just interested in the meeting point between art and technology.Cover Image Courtesy: Van Gogh 360°/ Website
Jazz is a music genre by the African-American community. With roots in European harmony and African rhythmic rituals, this music genre is characterised by swing and blue notes, call-and-response vocals and so on. And this enigmatic music genre is coming to grace India! Here’s everything that you need to know about the World Jazz Festival.World Jazz Festival In India[caption id="attachment_415521" align="alignnone" width="770"] Credits: Canva Image (Rep Img)[/caption]In 2020, Banyan Tree's International Jazz Festival was established to enhance and advance the jazz scene in India. This festival partners with the Dutch Amersfoort Jazz Festival to present outstanding jazz and global music simultaneously. For its previous two editions, it visited Pune, Bangalore, and Mumbai and received a roaring reception in each of these locations.And this year for its third edition, the festival is taking a leap and touring five cities — Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad. This tour will start from 20th to 30th of April 2023, which is ten days. The last day of the tour, 30th April, is celebrated as World Jazz Day. In addition to this, the event features an extraordinary line-up of international jazz musicians from the Netherlands, USA, Thailand, Serbia, Brazil, and South Korea.Also Read: The Piano Man Jazz Club Is Where You Need To Be For The Best Of Jazz Music In DelhiMany musicians and music enthusiasts around the world have been drawn to the captivating and historically significant genre of jazz. It is a highly advanced type of music because of its improvisational and experimental nature. Its dense and complicated melodic and rhythmic patterns are the result of the enormous contributions of many illustrious legends.India’s Version Of This Unique Music[caption id="attachment_415522" align="alignnone" width="770"] Credits: Canva Image (Rep Img)[/caption]In the 1920s, African-American jazz artists performed in Mumbai and Kolkata — first jazz appearance in India. They served as an inspiration for Goan musicians, who later infused jazz into Hindi cinema music in India. Jazz music has frequently interacted with Indian music. Today, there is a thriving jazz scene in places like Kolkata, Mumbai, Pune, Delhi, and Goa.There are certain similarities between jazz and Indian classical music, one of which is the use of improvisation in both genres. This was recognised by musicians, and in the 1940s, partnerships between Indian classical musicians and Western jazz players led to the creation of a new musical style known as Indo jazz, which combined jazz, classical, and Indian influences.Also Read: Bangalore's New Speakeasy Has Golden Chandeliers, Jazz Music &#038; Gives Great Gatsby FeelsAre you ready to jazz it?Cover Image Courtesy: Canva Image (Rep Img)
Aside from being an essential survival skill, cooking can be extremely therapeutic. While experimenting in the kitchen and learning on your own is extremely important, it is also important to learn from the best in the field. And if you’re looking for an opportunity to learn from the best of the best, here is one. Chef Gary Mehigan and Chef Saransh Goila are conducting a masterclass in Hyderabad and here’s all you need to know about it!Gary Mehigan’s Masterclass In Hyderabad  A post shared by Conosh (@conoshofficial)Masterclasses have become really popular these days. They are great for quickly learning a few skills at a relatively cheaper price. If you’re looking for a unique and hands-on learning experience when it comes to cooking, this masterclass might just be for you!Spearheaded by two well-known and established names in the culinary world, this masterclass will take place on the 26th of April, Wednesday, in the Hitech City region of Hyderabad. It is a one-day workshop and will be headed by Chef Gary Mehigan, former judge of MasterChef Australia, and Chef Saransh Goila of the iconic Goila Butter Chicken.The best part about the workshop is that attendees will get to learn directly from these masters and it will be a fully hands-on learning experience. Even a certificate of completion will be given to those who attend the workshop.Also Read: Bandra East With MasterChef India Judge Vikas Khanna | Tere Gully Mein With Hajmola | Curly TalesWhat You Get To Learn[caption id="attachment_415019" align="alignnone" width="770"] Credits: Canva Images[/caption]You get to learn the signature dishes of each of these iconic chefs. Chef Gary Mehigan will teach attendees how to make his signature Mushroom Tortellini. He will also teach attendees how to make a dessert dish called Flavours of Chocolate and Orange.On the other hand, Chef Saransh Goila will teach attendees how to make his iconic Goila Butter Chicken. For dessert, Chef Goila will teach Mango Rasmalai Tres Leches. The fee for this masterclass is ₹6,999 per head.So, if you want to learn from the best in business, you know where to head. For more information, click here.Also Read: Inspiring Journey Of Al Nawaz: From A Chef At Le Meridien To A Restauranteur |Curly Tales DiscoveryWhere: Trident, Hitech CityWhen: April 26, 10:00 AM onwardsCost: ₹6,999 per headAre you planning on attending this masterclass? Let us know in the comments below!Cover Image Credits: @garymehigan/Instagram & @Saransh Goila/Facebook
A capella has a cult following in India. It may not be mainstream but there are many who appreciate this vocal phenomenon. This genre of music is growing in India. Penn Masala is a dynamic A capella troupe that is breaking stereotypes and boundaries. It is the very first South Asian A capella group and is easily one of the best. They are finally coming to India in May and we cannot keep calm!Penn Masala Comes To India  A post shared by Penn Masala (@pennmasala)The angel-voiced troupe is finally coming to India for a ‘Homecoming tour.’ As part of their tour, they will perform at a total of six major cities in the country to showcase their talent and beautiful voices. This means that people all over the country have a chance to witness their marvellous voices.They are being brought to India by TribeVibe which is an enterprise by BookMyShow, India’s leading entertainment platform. The cities that Penn Masala will tour in are Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, and Pune. They will visit India from the 19th of May to the 29th of May.Mark your calendars for the following dates: the troupe will be performing on May 19 in Delhi, May 20 in Pune, May 21 and 28 in Mumbai, May 25 in Hyderabad, May 26 in Bangalore, and May 27 in Goa. You can book your tickets bookmyshow.com from the 7th of April onwards. Tickets start at ₹499.Also Read: Cars, Concerts & More! All You Need To Know About Bahrain Grand Prix 2023!World’s First South Asian A Capella Group  A post shared by Penn Masala (@pennmasala)Penn Masala is breaking all stereotypes about how A capella groups usually look like. They are the first A capella group of South Asian heritage. They, therefore, wanted to come to India as part of their ‘Homecoming Tour’. Their music is a harmonious fusion of Western Pop and Desi melodies.People who visit their concerts are surely in for a special treat. It is hard to believe that they do not use any instruments or accompaniments. As a Desi group based in the United States of America, they said that they were looking forward to their ‘Homecoming Tour’ and couldn’t wait to stun their audience. They said that the audience should expect some mind-blowing fusion of Desi and Western hits.Just like the group itself, the music they produce is an amalgamation of the best parts of Western and Desi cultures. Their music is an accurate representation of their diasporic culture.Also Read: Concert, Yacht & Beach Day: Singer Rita Ora's Dubai Trip Was A Glamorous One!So when are you visiting this dynamic A capella group? Let us know in the comments below!Cover Image Credits: @pennmasala/Instagram
